Are you sure you want to remove this item? You can\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No Yes OkayAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesAre you sure you want to remove this item? You can\\\'t restore it with "Cancel" button!

No YesFOX News Radios Tonya J. Powers spends A Few Moments With FOXs Janice Dean.

Janice Dean wears many hats  she is FOXs Senior Meteorologist, but thats not all! Shes also a mother, a wife, an author, and lives with Multiple Sclerosis. Dean says shes just simply  lucky, and now sits down to discuss and reflect upon the decade that has passed since first being diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis, and much more.

Listen HERE:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.Armored, squat, and built like a tank, ankylosaurs were a type of dinosaur known for their bony, protective exterior and distinct, sledgehammer-shaped tails. Now, scientists have pieced together how the animals' rear-end weapons evolved, finding that the hammer's "handle" came first.

Ankylosaurs were a group of bulky, tanklike dinosaurs with bony plates covering much of their bodies. Some of these animals  a subgroup known as ankylosaurids  also came equipped with a weaponized tail club as well.

"Ankylosaur tail clubs are made of two parts of the body," said study lead author Victoria Arbour, a postdoctoral researcher in the Department of Biological Sciences at North Carolina State University and the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences. "They're made of the bones of the tail  the vertebrae  that change so that theyre stiff and lock together in a really characteristic way. We call that the handle, like the handle of an ax. And the other part of the tail is the knob." [Paleo-Art: Dinos Come to Life in Stunning Illustrations]

The knob, or the large ball-type object at the end of the tail, was made of special bones called osteoderms, which actually formed in the skin, the researchers said.

Arbour was interested in examining what part of this weapon evolved first. Was it the handle or the knob? Or did they develop at the same time? "So as I was looking at ankylosaur fossils, for lots of different projects, I always kept an eye out for any evidence for some of those structures. Especially in older specimens I was looking at," she told Live Science.

One of the fossils that caught Arbour's interest was the Gobisaurus, an ankylosaur that lived in Asia about 90 million years ago. The Gobisaurus' tail bones were fused and locked into a complete handle, but there was no knob at the end of its tail.

This provided a clue about the weapon's evolution, the researchers said. By comparing Gobisaurus with many other ankylosaur species and working them into a timeline, Arbour was able to show that the tails evolved handle-first. The researchers also used computer software to create a kind of family tree of ankylosaurs, which supported their findings.

This suggests that ankylosaurs started developing stiff tails as early as 120 million years ago. The knob was a more recent feature and didn't show up until about 75 million years ago, the researchers said.

The knob would have been a formidable weapon. It could grow to be 24 inches wide in some ankylosaur species, and would have been very heavy. A 2009 study by Arbour, published in the journal PLOS ONE, estimated that large ankylosaurs could even fracture bones with their club tails.

But even without the knob, an ankylosaur's tail would have packed a wallop, according to the researchers. "Having a stiff tail is still kind of like having a baseball bat," Arbour said. "If someone hits you with a baseball bat, thats still really going to hurt, even if it doesn't have an ax head on it."

Next, the scientists want to investigate why the animals evolved tail clubs in the first place. Did they evolve to fight off predators? Or was it a way to compete for territory and mates? And why aren't tail weapons more common in other kinds of animal?

"I think it's important to know about why we see the things in nature that are there," Arbour said, "And I think it's cool to understand how things have evolved, why they're evolving, and understand what has shaped the world around us today."

"[W]e don't have anything like [ankylosaurs] today," she added. "Its interesting to think about why we don't see any animals with that sort of body shape and body plan."

The new study was published online Aug. 31 in the Journal of Anatomy.

Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.The San Jose Sharks have seen their scoring and power-play production dip since Logan Couture went down three games into the season.

The Carolina Hurricanes are also having trouble scoring and they own the league's second-worst power play.

The Sharks seek to end a three-game slide Saturday night when they host a Carolina team that has totaled two goals in its last three games.

Couture broke his leg in practice Oct. 15 after San Jose scored 12 goals with him during a 3-0-0 start. The Sharks (4-3-0) have managed six goals in four games since, with one in their last two.

San Jose was 3 for 14 on the power play with Couture before going 0 for 10 in the next four games.

"He's a big piece of it, obviously been together the five of us when we're out there, we don't even really think, to be honest with you," center Joe Pavelski said. "We're moving around, you fill your lane and you go from there."

Carolina (2-5-0) is at 6.9 percent on the power play to rank ahead of only Anaheim. The Hurricanes had four chances in Friday's 3-0 loss at Los Angeles.

"The power play struggled, it's struggled all year," coach Bill Peters said.

Eric Staal, Kris Versteeg and defenseman Justin Faulk have four points apiece but no one else on the club has more than two.

"We've gotta get some of our higher-end skill guys involved offensively," Peters said. "But in order to do that, you've got to get into the dirty areas to score."

One of the players Peters may be referring to is Jeff Skinner, who had a career-high 33 goals in 2013-14, slumped to 18 last season and has one through seven games this year.

Carolina forward Andrej Nestrasil limped to the dressing room in the second period and didn't return after taking a slap shot from Christian Ehrhoff on the inside of his leg.

San Jose has been sloppy lately on the penalty kill, yielding four goals in eight chances in the last three games in a run that coincides with the absence of defenseman Paul Martin.

Martin is poised to return after being out with a lower-body injury. He totaled a team-high 14:11 of short-handed ice time in the first four games.

Rookie forward Joonas Donskoi will also likely return after missing four games with a lower-body injury.

The Sharks went 0 for 5 on the power play in Thursday's 4-1 home defeat to the Kings. Joel Ward's second-period goal was all they mustered.

''We definitely had our chances on the power play. It just didn't find its way in,'' Pavelski said. ''We had our flurries in their end and we sustained pressure.''

Martin Jones has yielded eight goals total in losing his last two starts after he won his first four with a 0.49 goals-against average with two shutouts. He has never faced Carolina.

The Hurricanes gave Cam Ward both starts the last time they had a back-to-back, and he made 25 saves Friday. Ward is 4-1-0 with a 3.60 GAA in five starts versus the Sharks.

The other option is Eddie Lack, who made 38 saves to win his lone career start against the Sharks in a 3-2 victory for Vancouver on March 7.

These teams split two 2014-15 matchups after the Hurricanes had captured the previous four. Carolina has won four straight in San Jose.If youve been a passenger in an airplane, its likely that you have felt an air pocket, or what feels like a quick drop in the air.

"Air pocket" is merely another term for ordinary turbulence. You might feel as if you're falling from the sky, but rest assured, if you flying commercially, you rarely gain or lose more than about twenty feet, especially if the plane is on autopilot.

The term "air pocket" comes from early aviation, a time when pilots flying open-cockpit biplanes took adventurous locals on a rides in their flying machines. These planes, with two wings one above the other, flew at relatively slow speeds. When the plane entered air that, instead of simply sitting there, was flowing slightly upward or slightly downward, the plane's path was altered slightly upward or slightly downward. Air pockets do not technically exist, yet it's an expression that has caught on and is still misused today.

So what happens when you experience a bumpy ride that rattles glasses and turns some knuckles white?

The first thing you need to understand is a basic rule of flying: the earth has different surface temperatures that impacts flight as the aircraft passes through. For example, the surface of a lake is cooler than the surrounding earth, or plowed fields have a different surface temperature than those that are unplowed. Warm air is lighter than cool air. Warmed air rises. Cooled air descends. When a plane encounters varying airflow, we can feel what we call an air pocket today.

The idea of an "air pocket" might seem reassuring from a pilot's point of view, for a pocket is something you slip your hand into. When you do, your hand can only go so far. But, over the years, the phrase has come to be thought of as an area where there is no air. With no air, what is going to hold the plane up?

The term, if misunderstood, can lead to fear that an "air pocket" - a place devoid of air - could be big enough to cause a plane to plunge to the earth or go out of control. But it doesn't exist.

It may be helpful to try to imagine a "water pocket," an area in a lake where there is no water. You can't, right? Since you can see water, it is hard to conceive of such a thing as a water pocket.

One analogy that is helpful to my clients is picturing the sky as one large bowl of Jello. Imagine that large bowl of chilled Jello with a small, plastic airplane in the middle. Now, pick up the bowl and shake it. The airplane certainly moves and jiggles, but it is impossible for the small plastic toy to fall out of the bowl (the sky).

Flying through an "air pocket" isn't much different from driving your car over a pot hole or steering a boat over waves. It may be bumpy, but you're rarely in danger --that is unless you're not wearing a seat belt.

Captain Tom Bunn, retired airline pilot and licensed therapist, is the founder of SOAR, a program designed to help those with fear of flying and flight-related anxieties.Maureen O'Hara, the flame-haired Irish movie star who appeared in classics ranging from the grim "How Green Was My Valley" to the uplifting "Miracle on 34th Street" and bantered unforgettably with John Wayne in several films, has died. She was 95.

O'Hara died in her sleep at her home in Boise, Idaho, said Johnny Nicoletti, her longtime manager.

"She passed peacefully surrounded by her loving family as they celebrated her life listening to music from her favorite movie, 'The Quiet Man,'" said a statement from her family.

"As an actress, Maureen O'Hara brought unyielding strength and sudden sensitivity to every role she played. Her characters were feisty and fearless, just as she was in real life. She was also proudly Irish and spent her entire lifetime sharing her heritage and the wonderful culture of the Emerald Isle with the world," said a family biography.

O'Hara came to Hollywood to star in the 1939 "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and went on to a long career.

During her movie heyday, she became known as the Queen of Technicolor because of the camera's love affair with her vivid hair, pale complexion and fiery nature.

But she also had talent.

"I proved there was a bloody good actress in me," she told the British newspaper The Telegraph last year. "It wasn't just my face. I gave bloody good performances."

She never was nominated for a competitive Oscar but received an honorary Academy Award last year.

After her start in Hollywood with "Hunchback" and some minor films at RKO, she was borrowed by 20th Century Fox to play the beautiful young daughter in the 1941 saga of a coal-mining family, "How Green Was My Valley."

"How Green Was My Valley" went on to win five Oscars including best picture and best director for John Ford, beating out Orson Welles and "Citizen Kane" among others. It was the first of several films she made under the direction of Ford, whose grouchy nature seemed to melt in her presence  although he once punched her hard in the jaw at a party.

The popularity of "How Green Was My Valley" confirmed O'Hara's status as a Hollywood star. RKO and Fox shared her contract, and her most successful films were made at Fox.

They included "Miracle on 34th Street," the classic 1947 Christmas story in which O'Hara was little Natalie Wood's skeptical mother and among those charmed by Edmund Gwenn as a man who believed he was Santa Claus.

Other films included the costume drama "The Foxes of Harrow" (Rex Harrison, 1947); the comedy "Sitting Pretty" (Clifton Webb, 1948); and the sports comedy "Father Was a Fullback" (Fred MacMurray, 1949).

Often she sailed the high seas in colorful pirate adventures such as "The Black Swan" with Tyrone Power, "The Spanish Main" with Paul Henreid, "Sinbad the Sailor" with Douglas Fairbanks Jr., and "Against All Flags" with Errol Flynn.

With Ford's "Rio Grande" in 1950, O'Hara became Wayne's favorite leading lady. The most successful of their five films was 1952's "The Quiet Man," also directed by Ford, in which she matched Wayne blow for blow in a classic donnybrook.

In one scene, she recalled, Wayne drags her across a field that he and Ford had covered with sheep dung.

With her Irish spunk, she could stand up to the rugged Duke, both on and off screen. She was proud when he remarked in an interview that he preferred to work with men  "except for Maureen O'Hara; she's a great guy."

"We met through Ford, and we hit it right off," she remarked in 1991. "I adored him, and he loved me. But we were never sweethearts. Never, ever."

O'Hara's other movies with Wayne were "The Wings of Eagles" (1957), "McClintock!" (1963) and "Big Jake" (1971).

After her studio contracts ended, she remained busy. She played the mother of twins, both played by Hayley Mills, who conspire to reunite their divorced parents in the 1961 Disney comedy "The Parent Trap."

She was also in "Spencer's Mountain" with Henry Fonda (1963), a precursor to TV's "The Waltons"; and a Western, "The Rare Breed," with James Stewart (1966).

In 1968, she married her third husband, Brig. Gen. Charles Blair. After "Big Jake," she quit movies to live with him in the Virgin Islands, where he operated Antilles Airboats. After his death in a 1978 plane crash, she ran the company for several years before selling it, making her the first woman president of a scheduled airline in the United States.

"Being married to Charlie Blair and traveling all over the world with him, believe me, was enough for any woman," she said in a 1995 Associated Press interview. "It was the best time of my life."

She returned to movies in 1991 for a role that writer-director Chris Columbus had written especially for her, as John Candy's feisty mother in a sentimental drama, "Only the Lonely." It was not a box-office success.

Over the following decade, she did three TV movies: "The Christmas Box," based on a best-selling book, a perennial holiday attraction; "Cab to Canada," a road picture; and "The Last Dance."

While making "The Christmas Box" in 1995, she admitted that roles for someone her age (75) were scarce: "The older a man gets, the younger the parts that he plays. The older a woman gets, you've got to find parts that are believable. Since I'm not a frail character, it's not that easy."

She played a retired schoolteacher in the 2000 TV movie "The Last Dance."

Maureen FitzSimons (pronounced Fitz-SYM-ons) was born in 1920 near Dublin, Ireland. Her mother was a well-known opera singer, and her father owned a string of soccer teams. Through her father, she learned to love sports; through her mother, she and her five siblings were exposed to the theater.

"My first ambition was to be the No. 1 actress in the world," she recalled in 1999. "And when the whole world bowed at my feet, I would retire in glory and never do anything again."

In her 2004 autobiography, "'Tis Herself,'" O'Hara recalled that a Gypsy told her at the age of 5 that "You will leave Ireland one day and become a very famous woman known all around the world.'"

Maureen was admitted to the training program at Dublin's famed Abbey Theater, where she was a prize student. When word of the beautiful Irish teen reached London, she was offered a screen test, and a friend convinced her reluctant parents to allow it.

Maureen considered the test a failure, but it led to a few small roles in English films. The great actor Charles Laughton, who was producing and starring in films made in England, saw the test and was intrigued by her dancing eyes. At 17 she co-starred opposite him in a pirate yarn, "Jamaica Inn," directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Laughton gave her a more manageable name: O'Hara.

With the onslaught of World War II, filmmaking virtually halted in England. Laughton moved to RKO in Hollywood and starred as Quasimodo in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame," with O'Hara as the beautiful gypsy girl, Esmeralda.

Her first husband was director George Hanley Brown, whom she met while making "Jamaica Inn." When she moved to Hollywood, he remained in England and the marriage was annulled.

In 1941, she married a tall, handsome director, Will Price, and they had a daughter, Bronwyn, in 1944.

"The marriage was a terrible mistake, and we divorced in 1952," she said. She remained unmarried until the wedding to Blair in 1968.

O'Hara's career was threatened by a manufactured scandal in 1957, when Confidential magazine claimed she and a lover engaged in "the hottest show in town" in a back row in Hollywood's Grauman's Chinese Theater.

But at the time, she told AP, "I was making a movie in Spain, and I had the passport to prove it." She testified against the magazine in a criminal libel trial and brought a lawsuit that was settled out of court. The magazine eventually went out of business.

On the screen, O'Hara always played strong, willful women. In a 1991 interview, she was asked if she was the same woman she appeared in movies.

"I do like to get my own way," she said. "But don't think I'm not acting when I'm up there. And don't think I always get my own way. There have been crushing disappointments. But when that happens, I say, 'Find another hill to climb.'"

She is survived by her daughter, Bronwyn FitzSimons of Glengarriff, Ireland; her grandson, Conor FitzSimons of Boise and two great-grandchildren.Please enable Javascript to watch this video

STOCKTON--

A Highway Patrol officer was taken to the hospital Thursday morning following a crash on Highway 99 near Stockton.

According to the CHP, a 24-year-old woman rear-ended the officer on northbound Highway 99 near Morada Lane. The officer was on the shoulder, waiting for a car he stopped to get back on the road when he was hit, Highway Patrol said.

Investigators say they suspect the woman was driving under the influence, but have not yet confirmed that. The woman driving was taken to the hospital with major injuries. None of her five passengers were injured, the CHP said.

The officer was taken to the hospital complaining of back and neck pain, and a cut on the forehead.Halloween is the one night a year to say buh-bye to white wines and embrace big, bold, beautiful reds. From zinfandel to cabernet sauvignon here are 10 blood-red, boo-tiful wines from around the globe which are perfect for celebrating All Hallows Eve.

Related Image Expand / Contract Monster Mash wine is bold, fruity notes of black cherry jam, spice and tobacco. The festive label will also pair perfectly with your Halloween décor. (WorldMarket.com)

1.Monster Mash Zombie Outbreak Red Wine, California, 2012 ($12):

This luscious blend of petite sirah and zinfandel is sure to be graveyard smash with bold, fruity notes of black cherry jam, spice and tobacco. The festive label will also pair perfectly with your Halloween décor.

2. Skeleton Malbec, Patagonia, Argentina, NV ($14):

This enticing incarnation of malbec has heady aromas of violet and plum, followed by flavors of blackberry jam, dark fruit and spice. The convenient 1 liter bottle and kitschy artwork make it the perfect Halloween party wine too.

3. Charles Smith The Velvet Devil Merlot, Columbia Valley, Washington, 2010 ($14):

Named for its undeniable velvety smoothness, this merlot delights with notes of lush blackberry, dried rose petals and baking spices. And, like all the Charles Smith wines, its ready to drink now.

4. Concha y Toro Casillero del Diablo Carménère, Central Valley, Chile, 2013 ($16):

Named for an old cellar in Santiago, Chile once owned by the winerys founder and rumored to be guarded by the devil, this crimson red incarnation of the carménère grape pleases the palate with notes of dried red fruit, licorice, leather and spice-tinged finish.

Related Image Expand / Contract This wine has a deep, inky purple color and brooding, perfumey aromas of dark fruit and spice. (Margaret River)

5. Vinaceous Voodoo Moon Malbec, Margaret River, Australia, 2013 ($16):

Sourced from a single vineyard in Western Australia, this delightful wine casts a spell with its deep, inky purple color and brooding, perfumey aromas of dark fruit and spice. On the palate, layers of complex flavors accompany a rich texture and lengthy finish.

6. Hahn Family Boneshaker Zinfandel, Lodi, California, 2013 ($20):

This full-bodied stunner is crafted from 40 year old vines which produce intensely flavored, luscious fruit. Its sure to shake you to your bones with intense, layered aromas and flavors of ripe plum, black cherry jam and licorice.

7. Hope Estate Shiraz The Ripper, Western Australia, Australia, 2011 ($20):

You wont mind running into this deep purple, fruit driven red wine in a dark alley. The Ripper seduces with big, bold notes of cassis, black cherry jam and black pepper which accompany chewy tannins and a lingering finish.

Related Image Expand / Contract Buy it for the scary skull on the label alone. (R Wines Chateau)

8. R Wines Chateau Chateau Skulls Red, Castilla y León, Spain, 2012 ($22):

This 50/50 blend of mencia and tempranillo is made by acclaimed winemaker Chris Ringland. The spooky skull on the label is also rife with symbolism: the Mencia represents the cranium with its strength and power, while Tempranillo is the mandible with its peripheral aromatics of sweet, dark fruit.

9. Klinker Brick Winery Old Ghost Old Vine Zinfandel, Lodi, California, 2013 ($42):

Made from over 90-year-old vineyard blocks which produce highly concentrated fruit, this pricey incarnation of zinfandel is well worth the splurge with massively ripe, jammy and juicy flavors and textures.

10. Ghost Block Estate Cabernet Sauvignon, Oakville, California, 2012 ($65):

The fruit for this full-bodied, voluptuous, cab hails from the 16-acre Ghost Block Vineyard, named in honor of the historic Pioneer Cemetery it borders, in Napa Valleys acclaimed Oakville AVA. This wine lingers on the palate with entrancing notes of black currant, leather, cedar and toasty oak.

Stephanie Miskew is a certified sommelier, wine educator and proprietor of The Wine Atelier, an online wine boutique. She also runs the The Glamorous Gourmet, a website dedicated to wine and entertaining.This is the best explanation Ive seen.

[Black Lives Matter] started being lifted up as these folks are opposed to police, and theyre opposed to cops, and all lives matter. So the notion was that somehow saying black lives matter was reverse racism or suggesting that other peoples lives didnt matter or police officers lives didnt matter.

And whenever we get bogged down in that kind of discussion, we know where that goes  I mean, thats just down the old track.

So let me just suggest this: I think everybody understands all lives matter. Everybody wants strong, effective law enforcement. Everybody wants their kids to be safe when theyre walking to school. Nobody wants to see police officers who are doing their job fairly hurt. Everybody understands its a dangerous job.

I think the that reason that the organizers used the phrase black lives matter was not because they were suggesting nobody elses life matters. Rather, what they were suggesting was there is a specific problem that is happening in the African-American community thats not happening in other communities. And that is a legitimate issue that weve got to address.

I forget which French writer said there is a law that was passed that really was equal because both rich and poor were forbidden from stealing loaves of bread and sleeping under the bridge.  Thats not a good definition of equality.

There is a specific concern as to whether African Americans are sometimes not treated in particular jurisdictions fairly or subject to excessive force more frequently.

I think its important for those who are concerned about that to back it up with data, not anecdote; to not paint with a broad brush; to understand the overwhelming majority of law enforcement is doing the right thing and wants to do the right thing; to recognize that police officers have a really tough job and were sending them into really tough neighborhoods that sometimes are really dangerous, and theyve got to make split-second decisions. And so we shouldnt be too sanctimonious about situations that sometimes can be ambiguous.

But, having said all of that, we as a society  particularly given our history  have to take this seriously. And one of the ways of avoiding the politics of this and losing the moment is everybody just stepping back for a second and understanding that the African-American community is not just making this up. Its not just something being politicized. Its real, and theres a history behind it. And we have to take it seriously.What will warships look like in three decades? Meet the next-generation HMS Dreadnought.

The British Ministry of Defence and Royal Navy challenged young scientists and engineers to design a future warship and the results may surprise you. Defense procurement specialist Startpoint has released stunning images of what the futuristic ship could look like.

This cutting-edge ship concept has been dubbed Dreadnought 2050 in honor of the 1906 HMS Dreadnought, a Royal Naval battleship that eclipsed all other warships at the time.

Related Image Expand / Contract Dreadnought 2050 (Startpoint 2015)

Dreadnought 2050, made of futuristic material, features state of the art weapons, command center and more. The ships structure is made of ultra-strong acrylic composites that can be turned translucent so that crew can see through it.

Related: Bulletproof lifejacket could save lives at sea

This means that from the Ops Room, commanders could see through the hull and watch close-in battles play out.

Weapons

The new Dreadnought would be equipped with a range of state-of-the art weapons like high-velocity torpedoes, speed-of-light weapons and drones constructed on the ship using 3D printers.

The graphene coated acrylic hull would be super strong.

At the bow, Dreadnought 2050 has an electromagnetic railgun that can fire projectiles as far as long-range cruise missiles can go today.

Along the sides of the ship there are missile tubes. These tubes can launch missiles faster than Mach 5  a hypersonic speed. The futuristic vessel is also equipped with directed energy weapons to thwart incoming threats.

Related: CTruk taps THOR for new military workboats

In the outrigger hulls, there are torpedo tubes that fire supercavitating torpedoes that travel at more than 300 knots. Supercavitating torpedoes can travel at such whopping speeds because they move through water in a sort of air bubble that reduces drag and friction.

Instead of a standard mast, Dreadnought 2050 has a tethered quadcopter that flies above the ship.

The quadcopter is equipped with multi-spectral sensors that provide critical data. But it is also armed with a laser to take out threats like enemy aircraft, missiles and more.

To provide the significant power these capabilities require, the quadcopters tether is made of carbon nanotubes that are cryogenically cooled.

Assault

A floodable dock, or moon pool, is incorporated into the design so that amphibious teams like SEALs or Royal Marines can rapidly deploy. The moon pool could also be used to deploy unmanned underwater vehicles on missions such as searching for explosive devices.

Above the dock there is an extendable flight deck and hangar that can be used for a fleet of weaponized drones.

A similarly-sized warship operating today would require about 200 crew, but the innovative warship would require less than half as many personnel. A current Ops Room, for example, could require 25 sailors to run it. Dreadnought 2050s Ops Room could be run by as few as five Sailors.

Command Table

Dreadnought 2050 features an Ops Room with a 3-D holographic command table. The holographic image can be rotated and commanders can zoom in on specific parts of the battlefield.

Related Image Expand / Contract Dreadnought 2050 (Startpoint 2015)

From the Ops Room, five or six people can control all operations from the deepest parts of the ocean through to outer space. From underwater and sea surface through to land and air, all areas of operation can be displayed and reviewed. Crew can use smaller holographic pods to manage specific areas of operation.

Real time data can be transmitted including secure voice, video or data to wherever it is needed.

Power

The Dreadnought 2050 warship is powered by a fusion reactor or highly efficient turbines. The turbines drive silent electric motors to water jets.

The graphene coating on the hull helps reduce drag and enhance speed. And the Dreadnought will have a low profile to ensure it is stealthy and hard to detect.

Ballet dancer turned defense specialist Allison Barrie has traveled around the world covering the military, terrorism, weapons advancements and life on the front line. You can reach her at wargames@foxnews.com or follow her on Twitter @Allison_Barrie.Never again will famished snackers have to decide between pizza or french fries. Carl's Jr. says why not have both? The latest mash-up to hit fast counters is a creation the chain is calling "Pepperoni Pizza Fries." And yes, they are very real. Right now they're only being tested at a dozen locations in Southern California but the recipe seems simple enough to recreate at home. French fries are topped with marinara sauce, melted mozzarella cheese and a few slices of pepperoni pizza. These souped cheesy fries retail for $2.39.New polls show Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is trailing in first-voting state Iowa but his strategy so far appears unchanged -- touting his outsider status and attacking rivals like a scrappy up-and-comer.

Trump on Friday attacked primary rival Ben Carson, whom he described as super low energy but who leads him in Iowa, according to the polls.

The press was going crazy, Trump said at an event in Miami. We have a breaking story, Donald Trump has fallen to second place to Ben Carson. We informed Ben, but he was sleeping.

The remark repeats a familiar Trump complaint that the news media doesnt like him and included his signature tagline for political opponents whom he bashes, But I think hes a nice guy.

The New York real estate mogul and first-time candidate still leads in national polls.

However, a Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics poll released Friday shows Trump now trailing Carson by 9 percentage points. And a Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday shows him trailing Carson, a retired pediatric neurosurgeon and social conservative, by 8 percentage points among Iowa Republican voters.

More on this... Are attack ads by Club for Growth causing a 'Trump slump?'

I have a feeling were doing much better in Iowa than the polls are showing, Trump said on the Hugh Hewitt Show after the release of the Quinnipiac poll.

Trump also argued that he was very, very surprised by the poll numbers, considering the large and enthusiastic crowds hes drawing in Iowa.

After continuously rising in the polls despite a series of controversial remarks, Trump is now in the unusual position of dropping and having what political and campaign reporters deem a bad week.

Jeb Bush, the GOP establishment candidate and once-presumptive party frontrunner, is also having a tough week.

Amid sluggish poll and fundraising numbers, the Bush campaign on Friday announced several reductions including payroll cuts of roughly 40 percent.

The Iowa primary is now about just three months away. The Quinnipiac poll has Bush tied for sixth place in Iowa with 5 percent of the vote.

Trumps so-called bad week began in part with a story Sunday in The Washington Post about a super PAC with ties to his campaign, a problem considering his opposition to such groups, criticizes for having too much money and influence in elections.

On Thursday, he issued a statement calling for pro-Trump super PACs to disband and reiterating that his self-funded campaign, unlike others, will not be controlled by lobbyists, special interest groups and others, according to The Wall Street Journal.

We dont want super PACs, Trump also said in Miami. Close them up ideally, hopefully to give money back.No one covers the world of business, politics and more  Your World  like Neil Cavuto!

You can now get a daily audio podcast of Fox News Channels Your World that you can download and listen to whenever you wish.A New York man is building his own sovereign nation called Zaqistan on a remote piece of land in Utah.

Zaq Landsberg has created a yellow-and-red flag, official-looking passports and a border patrol gate guarded by a giant robot sentry for the realm, KSL-TV reported.

"The conceptual goal is I want it to become a real country," said Landsberg, its president. "I mean, that goal is not going to happen. It's impossible, but going through the motions, (I'm) trying to make that happen."

He's even created a motto for the land of Zaqistan: "Something from nothing."

When he bought the sage-brush covered stretch of Utah backcountry a decade ago, the city-dwelling Landsberg was amazed at how removed it was. It's about 60 miles from the nearest town and 15 miles away from a paved road.

While he calls the area harsh and desolate, it's also appealing.

"Out here, it's not that crazy of an idea to have your own little spot, and to do your own thing and to have your own space and the privacy to do that," said Landsberg, who's hesitant to reveal the exact location of Zaqistan for fear of people getting lost trying to find it.

While he knows the 4-acre piece of land equipped with a supply bunker won't actually become its own recognized country, Lansdsberg said building it is an artistic exploration in how far he can push the concepts of land ownership and sovereignty.

"My goal is to, like, probe those little areas," Landsberg said. "To try and find what that does mean."

He pays property taxes to Box Elder County, about 160 miles north of Salt Lake City, though he refers to the payments as tributes. He wants to make his little nation look legitimate. The passports look and feel real, and visitors like his friend Mike Abu can get them stamped as they enter and exit the country.

"Legitimacy is one of those things that's fairly subjective to begin with," Abu said. "But when we're talking about it, does it exist? There's no question about it."As international health experts prepare to publish a report on potential cancer risks linked to red and processed meat, industry groups are bracing for a damaging blow to consumer confidence.

The World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) gathered health experts in France this month to discuss available research on such meat, with a view to classifying them on its scale of cancer risks. The conclusions will be published on Monday.

The review has prompted lobbying efforts from meat industry representatives who fear a headline conclusion about a likely cancer risk could tarnish the image of certain types of meat, just as previous IARC recommendations did with diesel fumes and the common weedkiller glyphosate.

In a sign of the tensions around the review, a report on Friday in British newspaper the Daily Mail saying the IARC would give processed meat the highest carcinogenic risk rating and red meat the second-highest one, drew immediate reactions.

"If this is actually IARC's decision it simply cannot be applied to people's health because it considers just one piece of the health puzzle: theoretical hazards," said Barry Carpenter, President of the North American Meat Institute.

The IARC said it would not comment on media reports, but would publish the outcome of its review at 1000 GMT (6.00 p.m.) on Monday, at the same time as a report to be published in scientific journal The Lancet Oncology.

Producers says meat provides essential protein, vitamins and minerals as part of a balanced diet. Red meat includes beef, pork and lamb, but not poultry.

Total worldwide meat consumption reached 310 million tonnes in 2013. This was up more than a quarter on 2003, supported by emerging market growth, with poultry's share increasing, data from the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization show.

Business analysts said a cancer link in the scientific review may have a limited impact on industry sales and prices.

"I think people know you're not supposed to eat as much red meat as you do," said Liberum food industry analyst Robert Waldschmidt.

"(But) not everyone recognizes that some of these smoked and cured meats are bad for you, i.e. carcinogenic. I think on smoked, cured stuff it will have some negative impact."

The IARC already recommends avoiding processed meat and limiting red meat intake, and health experts in Britain advise limiting processed meat consumption for bowel cancer prevention.

But while there was a statistical association between eating processed meat and bowel cancer, "the size of the effect is relatively small, and the mechanism is poorly defined", said Ian Johnson of Britain's Institute of Food Research.Fox Nation:

Jesse Watters smacks down Geraldo Rivera on "The Five" in a back and forth on Hillary Clinton's Benghazi lies.

Geraldo called Watters' accusation that Hillary left an ambassador behind "a lie."

After Watters and Rivera argued over one another, Watters called out Hillary, "The committee is not driving her numbers down, she's driving her own numbers down."

Watters continued, "She tells lies every single day to the press, and they're out there giving her a nice round of applause."

"The one lie I cannot abide is the pathetic statement that Secretary Clinton left Ambassador Stevens and the other three heroes behind to die," Rivera said.

Watters hit back saying, "Why couldn't they save their guys, Geraldo?"

Watters called it a "failed posture."

Watch the exchange above and sound off below!Amancio Ortega, founder of Inditex fashion group was placed first as the richest man in the world, with a fortune of $79.6 billion, according to Forbes list.

The fashion group has several brands like Zara, Pull&Bear, Bershka, Massimo Dutti, Stardivarious, Zara Home, Oysho and Uterque.

The Spanish businessman was fallowed by co-founder of Microsoft Bill Gates ($78.1 billion) and, in third place, Warren Buffett, the owner of Berkshire Hathaway ($64.4 billion).

They are followed on the list of the largest fortunes in the world by Mexico's Carlos Slim ($62.5 billion), the founder of Amazon, Jeff Bezos ($49.9 billion), and the creator of Oracle, Larry Ellison ($47.6 billion).

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramAfter record US hurricane drought, media downright giddy that huge one abt to hit Mexico. Climate change blame articles all queued up @nyt  Hudson (@HCashny) October 23, 2015

Strongest storm that ever existed is heading toward Mexico. Climate change deniers, wake up and smell the wind and rain!  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) October 23, 2015Authorities: 2 Virginia students accused in attack plot Local News Authorities: 2 Virginia students accused in attack plot Two male students in Virginia have been arrested and accused of plotting an attack at their high school, law enforcement officials said Saturday.

Two male students in Virginia have been arrested and accused of plotting an attack at their high school, law enforcement officials said Saturday.



The teens were planning to call in a bomb threat at Riverbend High School in Fredericksburg, which they attend, and then shoot at students and staff as they evacuated the building, said Capt. Jeff Pearce of the Spotsylvania County Sheriff's office. The students, ages 15 and 17, are charged with conspiracy to commit murder and are being held without bond at a juvenile detention center, officials said.



Spotsylvania County Sheriff Roger Harris applauded law enforcement officers and school administrators, saying they worked together to successfully thwart the plot.



"We were able to mitigate the danger, long before it presented any chance of coming to fruition and there was no immediate threat to the safety of the kids," Harris said in a statement.



The sheriff's office declined to name the teens, saying it doesn't identify juvenile suspects unless they are charged with a capital felony. Officials say no one else is thought to have been involved in the conspiracy.



A sheriff's deputy who works as a student resource officer arrested the first teen on Oct. 12 after the teen threatened another student via social media, Pearce said. Through that investigation, officials learned about the larger shooting plot and the link to the other student, who was arrested Friday, according to Pearce.



Pearce said authorities discovered the plot by conducting interviews, reviewing communication between the students and their social media accounts. The teens hadn't set a date for the attack, he added.



After searching the teens' homes, authorities said, they found more evidence that allowed them to charge the students with conspiracy to commit murder, Pearce said. He declined to say what kind of evidence was found.



In a statement Sheriff Harris noted; "This case was a prime example of how the coordination of law enforcement, Commonwealth Attorney's and school administration worked together to stop an incident like this from occurring". "Our SRO program, assigning Deputies with special training and skills, to the schools in our County, provides interaction with the students and faculty". "It builds trust and confidence in our law enforcement professionals and a true working relationship between our agency and School Administration at all levels". Sheriff Harris further stated; "Due to this excellent working relationship, we were able to quickly and seamlessly identify a potential threat to our students and faculty". "We were able to mitigate the danger, long before it presented any chance of coming to fruition and there was no immediate threat to the safety of the kids". Sheriff Harris applauded the quick actions taken by the Deputies, Detectives, C.A.'s and School Administrators to bring a successful resolution to this case.

Diego Costa of Chelsea and Gabriel of Arsenal argue during the Barclays Premier League match between Chelsea and Arsenal at Stamford Bridge on September 19, 2015 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images)2015 Getty Images

The Spanish-Brazilian Chelsea striker Diego Costa, who last weekend returned to the pitch after serving his three-match ban, said he will not change his style of play "because of what people may think of it."

"I've got this far thanks to the way I play the game. I'm not going to change that because of what people may think of it," Costa told the BBC program 'Football Focus'.

"I think that football has always had a passionate, aggressive side, with players giving their all. People have to get used to this," said the Spanish international, 27.

Costa, who arrived two years ago to the London club from Atletico Madrid, has been harshly criticized by coaches, fans and the media for his aggressive style of play on the pitch.

"Some people seem to think football is like theatre, and that everyone has to play the good guy. But I think that you transform when you cross the white line, you're not the same person as off it," said Costa.

The forward, key to the team led by José Mourinho, scored 20 goals in the 2014-2015 season, but has only scored three times this season.

Chelsea, champions of the Premier League, is twelfth so far, ten points behind leaders Manchester City, after an uneven start to the season, which has added four defeats in nine matches.

"Things aren't going so well for the team right now, but it's not because of the changing room. The atmosphere is great. During the year I've spent here, there hasn't been one argument," said the Spanish-Brazilian.

He also praised Coach José Mourinho, as a "very clever" technician with "the affinity he has with his players."

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramWEST MIAMI-DADE, Fla. (WSVN) -- Two teenagers linked to a string of burglaries were put behind bars days after, police said, they broke into a home in Hialeah and brutally killed the family pet.

According to Hialeah Police, 18-year-old Luis Jimenez and 19-year-old Sadiel Iglesias targeted the homeowner's 6-year-old Yorkie during Thursday's break-in. "We're very pleased to have gotten these low-life criminals off the streets that are capable of doing such a cruel crime," said Hialeah Police Sgt. Carl Zogby.

Jimenez had nothing to say other than a curse word as he was put in the back of a cruiser.

Homeowner Josue Delatorre, who shares the home with his pregnant wife, her mother and two young daughters, said he's feeling a range of emotions in the wake of the perpetrators' alleged actions. "I'm sad, angry, devastated," he said.

Delatorre told 7News his mother-in-law was the first one to find their beloved pet. "She found the dog lying on the bottom of the staircase with blood everywhere, and dead," he said.

The homeowner said he can't help but ask why the teens could not have just taken what they wanted and left, adding that he has yet to explain the dog's death to his little girls. "If they would have taken everything. We gave [them] our TVs I would have been fine with that as long as the dog was still alive," he said.

Police said the home was ransacked, but detectives were able to make a connection that resulted in Iglesias and Jimenez's arrests on Saturday. They have been charged with burglary, animal cruelty, grand theft and criminal mischief. "It gave us great satisfaction to quickly investigate this crime and today catch up to these two delinquents and get them off the street," said Zogby.

Detectives said they had been working around the clock since the incident, and they have since charged each of the suspects with seven additional burglary cases.Should I stay or should I go? That is the pressing question facing many 2016 presidential hopefuls in pursuit of the White House.

On Friday, Lincoln Chaffee dropped out of the Democratic primary race. The former Rhode Island Governor made the announcement at the DNC's annual Women's Leadership Forum in Washington D.C.

"As you know, I have been campaigning on a platform of Prosperity Through Peace but after much thought I have decided to end my campaign for president today.

Chafee is the second Democratic candidate to end his presidential bid this week; on Tuesday Virginia Senator Jim Webb also bowed out.

On the Democratic side you have seen two people say goodbye so far and I think Hillary and Bernie will stay, said Bob Scrum, a seasoned Democratic consultant and Warschaw Professor of Politics at University of Southern California. Scrum says he is not surprised by the recent Democratic departures and anticipates one more.

I assume Martin OMalley will stay until he runs out of money which I assume will be right before or after Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary.

When it comes to the GOP field, a new Bloomberg Politics/Des Moines Register Iowa Poll released Friday points to a new leader in Iowa. GOP candidate Dr. Ben Carson surged to the number 1 position with 28%, beating out former front-runner Donald Trump with 19%. Carson is up 10 percentage points since late August while Trump is down by 4 points. Texas Senator Ted Cruz picks up 10%, Florida Senator Marco Rubio is at 9% and Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush has 5%.

Most people dont know the blood and sweat that goes into a presidential campaign it is really hard to tell people to drop out, it is a pride swallowing experience." - Ford OConnell, Republican strategist

In a statement obtained by Fox News, the Bush campaign explained the decision to realign and cut staff, We are moving our resources into the states to ensure that voters in primary and caucus states are introduced to his record and vision for the future.

Reevaluating campaign resources could be a good idea for some candidates. The new poll also explored who should exit the 2016 race. When asked which GOP candidates they would like to see drop out, a whopping 25% of prospective Iowa voters chose Donald Trump. Tied at 22% are former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham. Following closely behind with 21% is former New York Governor George Pataki.

Most people dont know the blood and sweat that goes into a presidential campaign it is really hard to tell people to drop out, it is a pride swallowing experience, said Ford OConnell, Republican strategist and former adviser on the 2008 McCain-Palin presidential campaign.

The next two weeks will be very important for Chris Christie and Huckabee. Rand Paul really needs to start focusing on defending his Senate seat, Bobby Jindal: hows he ever going to gain ground? Pataki, Graham and Gilmore I see nothing and Rick Santorum the 2016 competition is not 2012, the votes that you got back then werent for you they were anti Romney votes.

OConnell says Carson, Trump, Fiorina and Rubio are doing well for the time being. While Bush is playing a long game for a win and Ohio Governor John Kasich must step up soon.

Kasich really needs to win in New Hampshire if he wants to gain any sort of momentum. If he doesnt I would tell him Governor Kasich if you dont do well we have to pull the plug, said OConnell.

Making a comeback on the campaign trail is possible. OConnell says candidates are currently in the personality phase of the campaign and voters feel charisma is more important than substance at this point.

Donald Trump has changed this whole campaign it is now completely personality driven and people want to fall in love not fall in line.

As the race moves forward voters will start to focus more on the general election and really begin to visualize who they see as the future president. He says getting into the White House as Commander in Chief is not the end goal in every presidential campaign.

Not all candidates are in it to win it, some want books, media deals, name recognition, a potential run for a different seat down the road or another presidential run.

Elizabeth Chmurak is a Reporter/Producer of FOXBusiness.com. Follow her on Twitter @echmurakU.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Saturday that Israel and Jordan have agreed on steps aimed at reducing tensions at a holy site in Jerusalem that have fanned Israeli-Palestinian violence.

"All the violence and the incitement to violence must stop. Leaders must lead," Kerry told reporters in the Jordanian capital after meeting with King Abdullah II and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.

The top U.S. diplomat said the steps include round-the-clock video monitoring and Israel's reaffirming of Jordan's special and historic role as custodian of the site, known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Haram al-Sharif.

The king suggested that monitoring, according to Kerry, and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accepted.

Israel has pledged to maintain the rules of worship at the site, and Israeli and Jordanian authorities will meet about bolstering security, Kerry said.

Kerry, who met with Netanyahu in Berlin on Thursday, said the leaders "expressed their strong commitment to ending the violence and restoring the calm as soon as possible."

"I hope that based on these conversations we can finally put to rest some of the false assumptions, perceptions" about the holy site" - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry

"I hope that based on these conversations we can finally put to rest some of the false assumptions, perceptions" about the holy site, Kerry said. "Those perceptions are stoking the tensions and fueling the violence and it is important for us to end the provocative rhetoric and start to change the public narrative that comes out of those false perceptions."

Outlining the series of understandings, Kerry said:

--Israel "fully respects" Jordan's "special role" as custodian of the site.

--Israel will continue to enforce its policy of religious worship, including "the fundamental fact" that it is Muslims who pray there and non-Muslims who visit.

--Israel has no intention of dividing the site and rejects any attempt to suggest otherwise.

--Israel welcomes increased coordination between Israeli authorities and Jordan to ensure that visitors and worshippers "demonstrate respect and restraint."

Noting the video monitoring, Kerry said it would provide "comprehensive visibility and transparency, and that could really be a game-changer in discouraging anybody from disturbing the sanctity of this holy site."

On Friday, Israel lifted restrictions on Muslim worshippers after having barred younger Muslim men -- seen by police as the main potential trouble-makers -- from entering the compound on Fridays, the main day of prayer in the Muslim religious week.

The bans had, at times, targeted men up to the age of 50 and fueled Palestinian fears that Israel was trying to change long-standing understandings under which Jews are allowed to visit, but not pray, at the shrine.

Those fears have also been fueled by a rise in visits to the shrine by Jewish activists demanding prayer rights, including senior members of Netanyahu's coalition government.

Israel has repeatedly denied Palestinian allegations that it is trying to change the status quo and accused Palestinian political and religious leaders of lying and inciting to violence.

In the meetings with Abdullah, Abbas and Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh, and earlier with Netanyahu, Kerry explored ways to address the violence that began in mid-September initially at the shrine, but has spread to the rest of Jerusalem, as well as the West Bank and Gaza strip.

In the past five weeks, 10 Israelis have been killed in Palestinian attacks, mostly stabbings, while 49 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli fire, including 28 said by Israel to be attackers and the rest in clashes.

On Saturday, Israeli forces shot a knife-wielding Palestinian dead after he ran toward a crossing between Israel and the West Bank and tried to stab security personnel, the Israeli military said.

Describing what he has heard in the talks with the leaders, Kerry said that "all of them expressed their strong commitment to ending the violence and restoring the calm as soon as possible."

He said the U.S. "strongly condemns terrorist attacks against innocent civilians. There is absolutely no justification for these reprehensible attacks."

He added: "It is important to stop the back and forth of language that gives anybody an excuse to somehow be misinterpreted or misguided into believing that violence is a viable option.An inmate assaulted Colorado theater shooter James Holmes and a security officer at the state penitentiary, officials said Friday.

Adrienne Jacobson, a spokeswoman for the Colorado Department Corrections, told The Denver Post that inmate Mark Slim Daniels, 27, lunged at Holmes and took a few shots at him while the officer was escorting Holmes through a hallway on Oct. 8. Holmes was not injured.

It was in passing, she said.

Holmes was in a Management Control Unit, where hes allowed to spend four hours in a day hall. The Denver Post reports Holmes was attacked while the two inmates were passing each other in the hallway.

Jacobson told the Associated Press that Daniels will be disciplined during a hearing inside the Colorado State Penitentiary.

Daniels is serving time for several convictions, including menacing, auto theft, assault and smuggling contraband into prison.

A judge sentenced Holmes to life in prison without parole for killing 12 people and wounding 70 others at a movie theater in Aurora in July 2012.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Denver Post.Security forces and firefighters in the town of Sauce de Portezuelo in the eastern Uruguayan province of Maldonado are on the hunt for a jaguar that has been roaming its streets for several days, officials said.

Carlos Fontes, representative of the Maldonado emergency management office, said on Uruguayan radio station El Espectador that a sizeable force of firefighters, police and municipal employees is carrying out an intense search.

According to Fontes, a little girl saw the animal last Wednesday and identified it when shown pictures of the jaguar species.

The official also said that over the past few days some domestic animals have turned up with fresh wounds and that a large feline footprint was found in freshly laid cement.

In his opinion, the big cat probably belongs "to a private individual who bought it on the illegal market when it was a cub and has now set it free, or else it escaped." He dismissed the possibility that the specimen escaped from the Cerro Pan de Azucar Zoo in Maldonado province.

Fontes said the search team is equipped with tranquilizer rifles and dart guns to sedate the jaguar in order to capture it. EFEFor decades, stories persisted of a shark that navigated rivers of Asia and the South Pacific, sometimes taking a chunk out of the unsuspecting bathers or those washing their clothes.

But few people had actually seen one of these critically endangered predators.

Now, an international team of researchers is shedding a little more light on this family of sharks known as Glyphis. Using DNA sequencing, the researchers in a study published this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences concluded that three different species was actually just one, Glyphis gangeticus. The range of this shark is believed to go from the rivers from India  hence its name - all the way to Malaysia.

In a separate paper published in PLOS One earlier this month, many of the same researchers also rediscovered two species of the shark - Glyphis garricki and G. glyphis - in the rivers of Papua New Guinea for the first time since the 1970s. Again using DNA sequencing, they determined they were the same species found in Northern Australia.

Related: Study finds more sharks than ever swimming in waters along the East Coast

The river sharks are particularly mysterious, Gavin Naylor, a professor at College of Charleston and the Medical University of South Carolina who was a co-author on both papers, told FoxNews.com.

They are archetypal, typical looking sharks like a great reef or bull shark. They sort of look like that but they have tiny little eyes and big broad fins, he said. These are adaption for living in very turbid water. If you have a look where these things live, the visibility is about an inch. Its completely muddy water.

First discovered back in 1839, Naylor said little is known about this shark family simply because so few live sharks have ever been caught. That has helped fuel their outsized reputation as one of the top predators of river systems.

Many people have never seen these animals, Naylor said, noting that many have been identified from various body parts that have turned up in markets or that are in museums.

They have got this apocryphal mysterious kind reputation. They were believed  at least one species, the Ganges River shark  was believed to bite bathers in the Ganges River. But nobody ever saw them. It was a wonderful, frightening thing that some sort of monster grabs you but nobody knows what it is.

The fact that so little is known has helped breed plenty of misinformation about the shark  beyond its menacing reputation.

Until Naylor and his colleagues started looking into shark, there were believed to be three species across Southeast Asia  the Ganges River species as well as Glyphis fowlerae from Malaysia and Glyphis siamensis from Myanmar. But thanks to the recent DNA work, all three turned out to be the same species.

In the Western Province of Papua New Guinea, William White, of Australias Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, set out to examine shark and ray fisheries. As part of the four-year project, he was able to work with local fishermen to in place called Daru to discover the two species of river sharks that also call Australia home.

Related: Rare sofa shark stuns scientists

They found that the jaws and fins of a large, G. glyphis were brought for sale by a local fishermen. He also had different fins of what looked to be the northern river shark Glyphis garricki, Naylor said. Will had the good sense to get some tissue samples to see if it was the same as the ones we had from Northern Australia. We sequenced them and indeed they were.

Naylor said the rediscovery of the sharks is good news  sort of.

It give you hope but you are not sure if they have always been there and we just discovered them because the fishing pressure has increased or we have discovered them because they are making a comeback, he said. Its hard to tell.

White agreed but admitted the discoveries illustrate just how little is known about what lives in the rivers of a remote, mountainous place like Papua New Guinea.

In the context of the river sharks, more work is needed to determine what if any affect pollution and habitat degradation from processes such as mining are having on their populations, White, also a senior curator at the Australian National Fish Collection, told Fox News by email. We barely have the baseline data for some species such as river sharks to measuring the effect of threats such as mining is not possible at this stage. However, it needs to be a major consideration when discussing future management decisions that need to be made. It is possible that PNG still holds a relatively good population of river sharks compared to many other locations in the world.

Together, Naylor and White said the findings are helping answering some of the questions about the sharks and could help with conservation, since we now the Ganges River shark range was much more widespread and most likely includes both salt and freshwater environments.

Related: Pro surfer fights off shark in incredible encounter

If you have got lots of different species and each species is supposed to occur in a distinctly different habitat, then you have to be very careful about preserving each of those species, Naylor said. If you find out that, in fact, its one species that is distributed over a wider area, then there is not quite so much pressure to conserve every single one of those different species because they are all the same thing. It also tells us this very same species is adaptable to living in different environments. It can live in Pakistan. It can live in Borneo and it can live in Myanmar.

But he and White acknowledged there are still plenty to learn about this elusive shark, including how they navigate the muddy river waters and make a living there, how many young they have and the mechanism they use to transition from salt to freshwater and back.

And with the recent discoveries in Papua New Guinea, it begs the question over whether there might be even more of these sharks out there to be found.

We found evidence from jaws collected in Bangladesh that the genetic sequence of them is different from anything described. But we dont have a specimen, he said. Its completely different than any of the others. So, there is a species out there that we dont know about.

For decades, stories persisted of a shark that navigated rivers of Asia and the South Pacific, sometimes taking a chunk out of the unsuspecting bathers or those washing their clothes.

But few people had actually seen one of these critically endangered predators.

Now, an international team of researchers is shedding a little more light on this family of sharks known as Glyphis. Using DNA sequencing, the researchers in a study published this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences concluded that three different species was actually just one, Glyphis gangeticus. The range of this shark is believed to go from the rivers from India  hence its name - all the way to Malaysia.

In a separate paper published in PLOS One earlier this month, many of the same researchers also rediscovered two species of the shark - Glyphis garricki and G. glyphis - in the rivers of Papua New Guinea for the first time since the 1970s. Again using DNA sequencing, they determined they were the same species found in Northern Australia.

The river sharks are particularly mysterious, Gavin Naylor, a professor at College of Charleston and the Medical University of South Carolina who was a co-author on both papers, told Fox News.

They are archetypal, typical looking sharks like a great reef or bull shark. They sort of look like that but they have tiny little eyes and big broad fins, he said. These are adaption for living in very turbid water. If you have a look where these things live, the visibility is about an inch. Its completely muddy water.

First discovered back in 1839, Naylor said little is known about this shark family simply because so few live sharks have ever been caught. That has helped fuel their outsized reputation as one of the top predators of river systems.

Many people have never seen these animals, Naylor said, noting that many have been identified from various body parts that have turned up in markets or that are in museums.

They have got this apocryphal mysterious kind reputation. They were believed  at least one species, the Ganges River shark  was believed to bite bathers in the Ganges River. But nobody ever saw them. It was a wonderful, frightening thing that some sort of monster grabs you but nobody knows what it is.

The fact that so little is known has helped breed plenty of misinformation about the shark  beyond its menacing reputation.

Until Naylor and his colleagues started looking into shark, there were believed to be three species across Southeast Asia  the Ganges River species as well as Glyphis fowlerae from Malaysia and Glyphis siamensis from Myanmar. But thanks to the recent DNA work, all three turned out to be the same species.

In the Western Province of Papua New Guinea, William White, of Australias Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, set out to examine shark and ray fisheries. As part of the four-year project, he was able to work with local fishermen in a place called Daru to discover the two species of river sharks that also call Australia home.

They found that the jaws and fins of a large, G. glyphis were brought for sale by a local fishermen. He also had different fins of what looked to be the northern river shark Glyphis garricki, Naylor said. Will had the good sense to get some tissue samples to see if it was the same as the ones we had from Northern Australia. We sequenced them and indeed they were.

Naylor said the rediscovery of the sharks is good news  sort of.

It give you hope but you are not sure if they have always been there and we just discovered them because the fishing pressure has increased or we have discovered them because they are making a comeback, he said. Its hard to tell.

White agreed but admitted the discoveries illustrate just how little is known about what lives in the rivers of a remote, mountainous place like Papua New Guinea.

In the context of the river sharks, more work is needed to determine what if any affect pollution and habitat degradation from processes such as mining are having on their populations, White, also a senior curator at the Australian National Fish Collection, told FoxNews.com by email. We barely have the baseline data for some species such as river sharks to measuring the effect of threats such as mining is not possible at this stage. However, it needs to be a major consideration when discussing future management decisions that need to be made. It is possible that PNG still holds a relatively good population of river sharks compared to many other locations in the world.

Together, Naylor and White said the findings are helping answering some of the questions about the sharks and could help with conservation, since we now the Ganges River shark range was much more widespread and most likely includes both salt and freshwater environments.

If you have got lots of different species and each species is supposed to occur in a distinctly different habitat, then you have to be very careful about preserving each of those species, Naylor said. If you find out that, in fact, its one species that is distributed over a wider area, then there is not quite so much pressure to conserve every single one of those different species because they are all the same thing. It also tells us this very same species is adaptable to living in different environments. It can live in Pakistan. It can live in Borneo and it can live in Myanmar.

But he and White acknowledged there are still plenty to learn about this elusive shark, including how they navigate the muddy river waters and make a living there, how many young they have and the mechanism they use to transition from salt to freshwater and back.

And with the recent discoveries in Papua New Guinea, it begs the question over whether there might be even more of these sharks out there to be found.

We found evidence from jaws collected in Bangladesh that the genetic sequence of them is different from anything described. But we dont have a specimen, he said. Its completely different than any of the others. So, there is a species out there that we dont know about.

For decades, stories persisted of a shark that navigated rivers of Asia and the South Pacific, sometimes taking a chunk out of the unsuspecting bathers or those washing their clothes.

But few people had actually seen one of these critically endangered predators.

Now, an international team of researchers is shedding a little more light on this family of sharks known as Glyphis. Using DNA sequencing, the researchers in a study published this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences concluded that three different species was actually just one, Glyphis gangeticus. The range of this shark is believed to go from the rivers from India  hence its name - all the way to Malaysia.

In a separate paper published in PLOS One earlier this month, many of the same researchers also rediscovered two species of the shark - Glyphis garricki and G. glyphis - in the rivers of Papua New Guinea for the first time since the 1970s. Again using DNA sequencing, they determined they were the same species found in Northern Australia.

The river sharks are particularly mysterious, Gavin Naylor, a professor at College of Charleston and the Medical University of South Carolina who was a co-author on both papers, told Fox News.

They are archetypal, typical looking sharks like a great reef or bull shark. They sort of look like that but they have tiny little eyes and big broad fins, he said. These are adaption for living in very turbid water. If you have a look where these things live, the visibility is about an inch. Its completely muddy water.

First discovered back in 1839, Naylor said little is known about this shark family simply because so few live sharks have ever been caught. That has helped fuel their outsized reputation as one of the top predators of river systems.

Many people have never seen these animals, Naylor said, noting that many have been identified from various body parts that have turned up in markets or that are in museums.

They have got this apocryphal mysterious kind reputation. They were believed  at least one species, the Ganges River shark  was believed to bite bathers in the Ganges River. But nobody ever saw them. It was a wonderful, frightening thing that some sort of monster grabs you but nobody knows what it is.

The fact that so little is known has helped breed plenty of misinformation about the shark  beyond its menacing reputation.

Until Naylor and his colleagues started looking into shark, there were believed to be three species across Southeast Asia  the Ganges River species as well as Glyphis fowlerae from Malaysia and Glyphis siamensis from Myanmar. But thanks to the recent DNA work, all three turned out to be the same species.

In the Western Province of Papua New Guinea, William White, of Australias Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, set out to examine shark and ray fisheries. As part of the four-year project, he was able to work with local fishermen to in place called Daru to discover the two species of river sharks that also call Australia home.

They found that the jaws and fins of a large, G. glyphis were brought for sale by a local fishermen. He also had different fins of what looked to be the northern river shark Glyphis garricki, Naylor said. Will had the good sense to get some tissue samples to see if it was the same as the ones we had from Northern Australia. We sequenced them and indeed they were.

Naylor said the rediscovery of the sharks is good news  sort of.

It give you hope but you are not sure if they have always been there and we just discovered them because the fishing pressure has increased or we have discovered them because they are making a comeback, he said. Its hard to tell.

White agreed but admitted the discoveries illustrate just how little is known about what lives in the rivers of a remote, mountainous place like Papua New Guinea.

In the context of the river sharks, more work is needed to determine what if any affect pollution and habitat degradation from processes such as mining are having on their populations, White, also a senior curator at the Australian National Fish Collection, told Fox News by email. We barely have the baseline data for some species such as river sharks to measuring the effect of threats such as mining is not possible at this stage. However, it needs to be a major consideration when discussing future management decisions that need to be made. It is possible that PNG still holds a relatively good population of river sharks compared to many other locations in the world.

Together, Naylor and White said the findings are helping answering some of the questions about the sharks and could help with conservation, since we now the Ganges River shark range was much more widespread and most likely includes both salt and freshwater environments.

If you have got lots of different species and each species is supposed to occur in a distinctly different habitat, then you have to be very careful about preserving each of those species, Naylor said. If you find out that, in fact, its one species that is distributed over a wider area, then there is not quite so much pressure to conserve every single one of those different species because they are all the same thing. It also tells us this very same species is adaptable to living in different environments. It can live in Pakistan. It can live in Borneo and it can live in Myanmar.

But he and White acknowledged there are still plenty to learn about this elusive shark, including how they navigate the muddy river waters and make a living there, how many young they have and the mechanism they use to transition from salt to freshwater and back.

And with the recent discoveries in Papua New Guinea, it begs the question over whether there might be even more of these sharks out there to be found.

We found evidence from jaws collected in Bangladesh that the genetic sequence of them is different from anything described. But we dont have a specimen, he said. Its completely different than any of the others. So, there is a species out there that we dont know about.This week, Oreo unveiled Cookie Dough, one of two new varieties. It's a chocolate-flavored cookie with a dough-flavored filling, tan in color with chocolately chips. And with this version it's all the great cookie dough taste without the fear of salmonella.

The new flavors are available in stores starting Feb. 3 and will be around for just about six weeks, so stock up now.Spanish armed forces lowered their flag Friday at the Afghan base in Herat, closing its almost 14-year mission there with a ceremony presided by Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria, who arrived 14 hours late due to a mechanical failure in the aircraft that flew her to the Asian country.

Nonetheless, Spain will honor its commitment to Afghanistan by leaving 25 soldiers in Kabul at the general barracks of the international mission led by NATO, which will probably extend until the end of 2016.

Accompanied by Defense Chief of Staff Adm. Fernando Garcia Sanchez and Army Chief of Staff Gen. Jaime Dominguez Buj, the deputy prime minister praised the armed forces for their work in missions abroad.

About Afghanistan she recalled the more than 100 troops who died during the mission and said it is impossible to forget that the army came "to a war that demanded the greatest efforts right up to the ultimate consequences."

Those killed in action, the deputy prime minister said, lost their lives fulfilling their duty to bring stability and improve the future of the Afghan people.

Since the mission was launched in January 2002, close to 30,000 Spanish military have served in Afghanistan.

The number of fatalities stands at 102, including two interpreters, the 62 in the Yak-42 accident in Turkey and the 17 in a Cougar helicopter, as well as navy personnel who died in ships supporting the operation.

These figures confirm Afghanistan as the costliest mission with the highest death toll of all Spanish operations abroad in the past 20 years.

After leaving on Jan. 25, 2002, from the military base at Zaragoza, the first two Hercules aircraft landed the next day at Kabul airport with 26 soldiers that made up the advance unit of the 450 that would later be deployed in Afghan territory as part of the International Security Assistance Force, or ISAF. EFEHumans are one of the few creatures on this planet who have the capability of ignoring our basic survival instinct. We jump out of perfectly good airplanes  something that still sets off alarms in the most veteran skydivers  and we push ourselves to the edge of death and back with physical demands on our bodies that defy reason with activities like ultra-marathons in the desert, living in microgravity, and setting the world record for holding ones breath under water.

Yet as contradictory as it sounds, testing these limits is probably what makes us feel the most human or the most attuned to nature and our own potential  particularly when it comes to soaring above the skies, jumping eight feet in the air and eating the most bizarre, even dangerous, dishes set in front of us on the dinner table.

What are some of the deadliest foods the world has ever seen? Poisonous or harmful by design, not accident, and something that has us questioning our sanity when we choose to take a bite?The path to Mars goes through the moon  or the region of space near the moon, anyway.

NASA aims to put boots on Mars in the 2030s after first gathering human-spaceflight experience and expertise in low Earth orbit and the "proving ground" of cis-lunar space near the moon.

NASA has been working on this three-stage path to the Red Planet for some time, and the space agency lays out the basic plan in a 36-page report called "Journey to Mars: Pioneering Next Steps in Space Exploration," which was released Oct. 8. [5 Ideas for Manned Missions to Mars]

"This strategy charts a course toward horizon goals while delivering near-term benefits and defining a resilient architecture that can accommodate budgetary changes, political priorities, new scientific discoveries, technological breakthroughs and evolving partnerships," William Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for Human Exploration and Operations at NASA Headquarters, said in a statement.

The first step in the three-phase Mars plan is already underway; NASA astronauts and their international colleagues have been living aboard the International Space Station continuously, in roughly six-month-long crew rotations, since November 2000. (The station will keep operating through at least 2024.)

These spaceflyers' experiences are helping researchers and mission planners better understand how spaceflight affects the human body and mind. In addition, the space station allows NASA and its partners to develop and test critical technologies in areas such as life support and space-to-ground communications, agency officials said.

The International Space Station orbits just 250 miles from Earth's surface. Robotic cargo ships bring supplies on a regular basis to the astronauts, who can be back on their home planet in a matter of hours if need be. Mars pioneers will have to be much more independent, and that's what the next step in NASA's Red Planet plan  the proving ground  is all about.

NASA aims to gain deep-space experience near the moon on a series of missions over the next decade or so. One such project is the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM), in which a robotic probe  powered by advanced solar-electric propulsion, which NASA regards as a key technology for hauling big payloads to Mars  will pluck a boulder off a near-Earth asteroid and haul it to lunar orbit, where it can be visited by astronauts in the future.

Agency officials want the first astronaut visit to come by 2025. Spaceflyers will rendezvous with the asteroid chunk using NASA's Orion crew capsule and Space Launch System (SLS) megarocket, both of which are in development. [Space Launch System: NASA's Giant Rocket Explained (Infographic)]

Orion's maiden flight, an uncrewed affair that used a United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket, came last December. The capsule and SLS are scheduled to fly together for the first time in 2018, on a seven-day-long, uncrewed journey around the moon.

NASA also aims to test a deep-space habitation system in the proving ground, for short durations in the early 2020s and for longer missions later in the decade, according to the new report.

"A modular, pressurized volume would enable extended stays by crews arriving with Orion," the report states. "This initial habitation capability in cis-lunar space would demonstrate all the capabilities and countermeasures necessary to send humans on long-duration transit missions to Mars."

Sending astronauts to Mars is the third stage of the plan. This ambitious goal will be enabled by international cooperation, the knowledge and expertise gained by human missions to the space station and the proving ground, and by all the data gathered by robotic Red Planet explorers, according to the new report.

NASA currently has two operational Mars rovers (Opportunity and Curiosity) and three functioning orbiters circling the Red Planet  Mars Odyssey, the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) and MAVEN (whose name is short for Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution). India and Europe also control active Mars orbiters, called Mangalyaan and Mars Express, respectively.

These spacecraft have already returned information of interest to the crewed Mars effort. For example, scientists analyzing MRO data announced late last month that the seasonal dark streaks on some Martian slopes are caused by liquid water.

And more robotic Mars missions are on the way. NASA plans to launch a lander called InSight next year to probe the Red Planet's interior and a highly capable rover in 2020. The Mars 2020 rover will hunt for signs of past life and cache samples for future return to Earth, among other tasks. It will also carry a technology-demonstrating instrument that generates oxygen from Mars' atmospheric carbon dioxide.

In addition, the European Space Agency's ExoMars project will send an orbiter toward the Red Planet in 2016, and a life-hunting rover in 2018.

"Robotic science pathfinder missions will continue well into the next decade to meet high-priority science objectives and prepare for future human missions to Mars," the new NASA report states. "Robotic missions after Mars 2020 are in their conceptual stages and will address key exploration questions, such as characterizing the complex gravitational environment of the Martian moons; identifying resources and areas of scientific interest; understanding the effects of space radiation; validating EDL [entry, descent and landing] techniques; and studying regolith mechanics and dust."

NASA is still working out the details about the journey to Mars. For example, astronauts may stop at one of Mars' two tiny moons, Phobos and Deimos, along the way. But putting boots on the Red Planet's surface, and setting up a permanent outpost, remain the ultimate goals.

"There are challenges to pioneering Mars, but we know they are solvable," the report states. "We are developing the capabilities necessary to get there, land there, and live there."

You can download the new NASA Mars report for free here:

http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/atoms/files/journey-to-mars-next-steps-20151008_508.pdfCoral bleaching brought on by record ocean temperatures is hitting reefs around the world, prompting NOAA scientists to issue the third ever global bleaching event.

The alert comes after bleaching first hit Pacific reefs in 2014, moved onto reefs in the Indian Ocean and Hawaii earlier this year and recently started expanding to the Caribbean and threatening coral in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, NOAA scientists said. Coral bleaching also began in the Florida Keys and South Florida in August and NOAA estimates that by the end of 2015, almost 95 percent of U.S. coral reefs will have been exposed to ocean conditions that can cause corals to bleach.

Globally, NOAA is projecting that 38 percent of the worlds coral reefs will be hit by the end of the year, which could kill over 4,633 square miles of reefs.

The coral bleaching and disease, brought on by climate change and coupled with events like the current El Niño, are the largest and most pervasive threats to coral reefs around the world, said Mark Eakin, NOAAs Coral Reef Watch coordinator. As a result, we are losing huge areas of coral across the U.S., as well as internationally. What really has us concerned is this event has been going on for more than a year and our preliminary model projections indicate its likely to last well into 2016.

The other concern is the impact of a Pacific warming mass known as the blob as well as El Nino, which forecasters are predicting could be one of the strongest on record. Climate models are indicating El Nino  created when the equatorial waters of the Pacific Ocean warm significantly - will cause further bleaching in the Indian and southeastern Pacific Oceans in 2016.

The first ever global bleaching event was in 1998, during a strong El Niño that was followed by an equally very strong La Niña. A second one occurred in 2010. Some 15 percent of reefs around the world were lost following the 1998 event.

Coral bleaching occurs when corals are exposed to stressful environmental conditions such as high temperature. Corals expel the symbiotic algae living in their tissues, causing corals to turn white or pale. Without the algae, the coral loses its major source of food and is more susceptible to disease.

The loss of reefs to bleaching can have dire economic and environmental consequences. Reefs are some of the world's most important ecosystems, supporting more species than any other marine environment, including 4,000 fish species. They are also crucial to sustaining many coastal communities that depend on the $375 billion a year reaped through diving, fishing and tourism.

Just like in 1998 and 2010, were observing bleaching on a global scale, which will cause massive loss of corals. With hundreds of millions of people relying on fisheries and reefs for sustenance, the repercussions of a global coral bleaching event could be potentially disastrous, said Professor Ove Hoegh-Guldberg, the chief scientist from the Global Change Institute at The University of Queensland.

The current high ocean temperatures in Hawaii come on the heels of bleaching in the Main Hawaiian Islands in 2014  only the second bleaching occurrence in the regions history  and devastating bleaching and coral death in parts of the remote and well-protected Papahnaumokukea Marine National Monument in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands.

Last years bleaching at Lisianski Atoll was the worst our scientists have seen, said Randy Kosaki, NOAAs deputy superintendent for the monument. Almost one and a half square miles of reef bleached last year and are now completely dead.

Jennifer Koss,NOAA Coral Reef Conservation Program acting program manager, said the latest bleaching reports shows the need to do more to protect reefs.

We need to act locally and think globally to address these bleaching events. Locally produced threats to coral, such as pollution from the land and unsustainable fishing practices, stress the health of corals and decrease the likelihood that corals can either resist bleaching, or recover from it, Koss said.I am so excited to have released my first book! 'Getting Real' is a candid, inspirational memoir; part personal story, part guide for others who want to get ahead in life. I hope you will share in my journey. Thank you so much for your support. The book is out now!A Dalls Fire Rescue responder makes his way over to a stalled vehicle to check on the driver still inside on Friday, Oct. 23, 2015, in Dallas. The vehicle stalled after the road quickly flooded during a heavy rain fall. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

A powerful storm system rumbled through Texas on Saturday, flooding roads and causing a freight train to derail as parts of the state braced for the remnants of Hurricane Patricia to arrive.

Many parts of Texas, including its biggest cities, were under flash flood watches through Sunday or Monday. The remnants of Patricia, which was downgraded to tropical storm status and was expected to reach northern Mexico by Saturday night, may add to the rain falling in South and Central Texas, said Jesse Moore, a National Weather Service forecaster in Fort Worth.

The storm system already moving through Texas dumped more than a foot of rain on parts of the state on Friday, causing flooding that blocked several major roadways.

A Union Pacific freight train derailed before dawn on Saturday near Corsicana, about 50 miles south of Dallas, because a creek overflowed and washed away the tracks, said Jeff DeGraff, a railroad spokesman. The two crew members swam to safety and nobody was hurt, he said.

"They (crew) escaped the train after it stopped and swam to high ground," DeGraff said. "A Navarro County rescue team was able to get in and pull them to safety, they are back safe on dry ground."

One locomotive and several rail cars loaded with gravel went into the water and were partly submerged, DeGraff said. He had no specifics on how many cars derailed because crews couldn't reach the site due to flooding.

Authorities on Saturday morning reopened a section of Interstate 45 near Corsicana that was closed overnight due to flooding, backing up traffic for 12 miles. Moore said that since Friday morning, Corsicana has received 18 inches of rain and Powell has received 20 inches.

Flight tracker flightaware.com reported that about 100 Saturday flights had been canceled at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.

A flash flood watch was in effect for the Dallas, Fort Worth, Waco, Austin and San Antonio areas through Sunday morning, according to the National Weather Service. Corpus Christi, Laredo and Brownsville are under a flash flood watch through Sunday night.

Forecasters say Houston and Galveston remain under a flash flood watch through Monday morning, with possible coastal flooding concerns.

Patricia was the most powerful hurricane on record in the Western Hemisphere and made landfall Friday along Mexico's Pacific Coast as a Category 5 storm. It quickly lost power as it moved inland and appeared to have caused remarkably little damage.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramA mega shark that lived 300 million years ago would have made today's great whites look like shrimps, according to fossils of the beast unearthed in Jacksboro, Texas.

Scientists have dubbed the newfound fossils the "Texas supershark," and the name is fitting: These supersharks were enormous: more than 26 feet long, or more than half the length of a school bus. That's 25 percent larger than the modern great white shark and more than three times as long as other fossil sharks, including the Goodrichthys eskdalensis shark discovered in Scotland and another newfound shark specimen from New Mexico, both of which measure between 6.5 feet and 8.2 feet from head to tail. (Earth's largest shark, C. megalodon, could grow up to 60 feet, or 18 m, long during its heyday, between about 16 million and 2.6 million years ago.)

Supershark lived before the age of the dinosaurs, which emerged about 230 million years ago. Until now, the oldest giant shark was found in rocks dating to 130 million years ago. [8 Weird Things About Sharks]

Supershark's ancient age makes it a prize find, indicating that giant sharks go back much further in the fossil record than previously thought, the researchers said. They presented their unpublished findings Oct. 16 at the 75th annual Society of Vertebrate Paleontology conference, in Dallas, Texas.

When supershark was alive, during the Carboniferous period, a shallow sea called the Western Interior Seaway covered Texas and much of the American West. The fossil remains of the sea's marine life are still being uncovered in the ancient seabed, which is how study co-author Robert Williams, of the Dallas Paleontological Society, discovered the supershark fossils, including two fossil braincases. He also found a number of large and pointy, fossilized shark teeth, but it's unclear whether these belonged to the Texas supershark or to another ancient species, the researchers said.

The braincases, which comprise the back end of the sharks' skulls, resemble the corresponding skull parts of other Paleozoic fossil sharks, but "are clearly different from the far shorter" back skull regions of modern sharks, the researchers said.

To calculate the body size of the supershark without a complete specimen, lead researcher John Maisey, a curator of paleontology at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City, and his colleagues had to get creative.

So they looked to the dimensions of other complete specimens of ancient sharks known as ctenacanthiforms, which are a group of ancient sharks that lived during the Carboniferous period (It's likely supershark is also a ctenacanthiform, but its true identity will emerge only once other supershark remains, such as teeth and fin spines, are found, the researchers said.) The skulls of these ctenacanthiforms accounted for roughly 10 percent of the sharks' entire body length, the researchers found.

If the Texas supershark shared the same proportions, its roughly 31.5-inches-long skull suggests that its body was likely more than 26 feet long, Maisey said. The other supershark they discovered likely measured about 18 feet, Maisey said.

Further research is needed to determine whether the Texas supershark specimens represent a known species, such as Glikmanius occidentalis, or a species that has yet to be discovered, Maisey said. But the newly found shark's close relative, the ancient shark from Scotland (Goodrichthys eskdalensis), suggests that this group of sharks had successfully dispersed across large distances. [Dangers in the Deep: 10 Scariest Sea Creatures]

An entire shark

The conference held another gem for shark enthusiasts. During a dig in a New Mexico quarry, John-Paul Hodnett, a graduate student of biology at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia, discovered a nearly complete fossilized shark that also dates to about 300 million years ago.

The specimen, a female, measures about 0.6 feet long and sports teeth that "are actually brand-new to science," Hodnett told Live Science. "We've never seen this type of tooth before." He plans to analyze the teeth in an upcoming study, he added.

That fossil is so complete that studying it may help researchers better describe ctenacanths, a group of ancient sharks, he said.

"There's a lot of missing data," Hodnett said. "My advisor is always saying if you can't find data, go out digging."

Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Puerto Rican entrepreneur Ian Arzuaga has launched a free Android app aimed at making it impossible to text from behind the wheel, a practice blamed for nearly 25 percent of traffic accidents in the U.S.

Arzuaga told EFE that he decided to create the TextHALT app after learning about people who have died in car accidents happened while they were driving and texting.

"Those accidents made me think," he said. "And if we are able to save just one life, we have accomplished our mission."

The app developed by Arzuaga's Text Halt Technologies LLC blocks text notifications and can also divert calls to voice mail while the user is driving.

TextHALT detects when the vehicle is moving over 24 kph (15 mph) and automatically disables the mobile device's screen, preventing the user from reading or sending text messages.

When a text or call is received, the app generates an automatic text message notifying the caller or sender that the user is at the wheel: a reminder that it is dangerous to use the phone while driving.

By using the app safely, the user earns points that can be redeemed exchanged for goods and services and even for discounts on car insurance.

According to the Governors Highway Safety Association, texting while driving has become the top cause of death among teenagers in the United States.

The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says that people who text while driving are six times more likely to get into an accident.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramIndia says its air force will have its first female fighter pilots by 2017.

The Defense Ministry says the decision was made because Indian female pilots' performances have been "on a par with males" in flying transport aircraft and heavy-lift helicopters.

The ministry said in a statement Saturday that female pilots would begin training next year and enter a fighter cockpit by 2017.

Women currently fly fighter jets in several nations, including the United States, France and Israel.A skyscraper-sized asteroid will fly by Earth on Halloween, according to scientists, who say that the object was only discovered 10 days ago.

Asteroid 2015 TB145 was discovered Oct. 10 by the Panoramic Survey Telescope & Rapid Response System 1 (Pan-STARRS-1) in Hawaii.

Related: New maps of Jupiter offer plenty of surprises

This is the closest approach by a known object this large until 1999 AN10 approaches within 1 lunar distance in August 2027, said NASA, in a report. The flyby presents a truly outstanding scientific opportunity to study the physical properties of this object.

Lunar distance, or the average distance between the Earth and the moon, is about 239,000 miles.

EarthSky reports that the asteroid will pass Earth at a safe distance of 310,000 miles, travelling at a speed of 78,000 mph. 2015 TB145 is about 1,542 feet in diameter, according to EarthSky, which notes that estimates range between 689 to 2,133 feet. Amateur astronomers, it added, may be able to see the asteroid using telescopes of 8-inch diameter and larger on the night of Oct. 30, and before dawn on Oct. 31.

Related: Giant 'hole' in Sun is 50 Earths wide

The fact that astronomers only discovered 2015 TB145 three weeks before its Earth flyby, however, highlights the risks that asteroids pose. NASAs Near-Earth Object Observations Program works with astronomers and scientists around the world to look for asteroids that could harm Earth. NASA also has an ambitious plan to capture and redirect an asteroid.

Given their cataclysmic potential its hardly surprising that asteroids remain a source of fascination for many people. In August NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory nixed rumors swirling around the Internet of an asteroid impact between sometime between Sept. 15 and 28, 2015.A woman arrested on a DUI charge crashed into a crowd of spectators at Oklahoma State University.

Stillwater police Capt. Kyle Gibbs said the womans sedan plowed into an unoccupied motorcycle of an officer who was working security at the parade, then into the crowd. The driver of the sedan was taken into custody on a driving under the influence charge, Gibbs said.

Gibbs said three people were killed and 22 were injured in the crash Saturday morning, including eight who were airlifted to hospitals with critical injuries.

Police said Adacia Chambers, 25, was taken into custody on the DUI charge. Her hometown was not released.Who You Gonna Believe? Me Or Your Lying Eyes?

by John Gibson

Follow on Twitter, Facebook, listen free/live on foxnewsradio app

What should have come out of yesterdays Hillary Clinton sitzkreig at the Benghazi hearings was the simple fact that the failed Libya policy of the Obama administration actually belonged to Hillary Clinton.

No question youd have to hack through a jungle of other ho-hum-gotchas to find it, but it was there.

She didnt have to admit that she lied when she claimed the cause of the Benghazi attack was a nothing-burger video that mocked the Prophet Mohammad. That much was ringingly clear from the emails she sent her daughter Chelsea the night of the attack and the phone call she made to the Egyptian Foreign Minister the next day in which she said flat out the attack was an Al Qaeda operation, not an anti-video protest.

The question is why did she lie? I think the answer is obvious.

The Libya policy (smart power, leading from behind, whatever) was hers. It was her idea, she pushed for it, President Obama accepted it and gave his reluctant OK. He didnt want to do anything; she insisted the U.S. should do something, even if it was going to be little more than killing Qadafi, and then letting the place go to hell.

But he was facing re election in six weeks, and he was claiming Al Qaeda is on the run. Wouldnt do to have a major AQ attack on the anniversary of 9/11 dogging his campaign.

So at the White House National Security spokesman Ben Rhodes and others cooked up a plan for National Security Adviser Susan Rice to go on the Sunday shows and say it was the video.

Clinton had to play along. The WH demanded it. After all, she put the exploding cigar in the Presidents mouth and lit it. At the point it went boom she could do no less than help hide the charred stuff on his face.

So she went out and lied like a pro. Its the video, she told the grieving families, and were going to arrest that SOB who made it. And they did. Trumped up charge of violating his parole by using a computer, which was forbidden under the terms of his release. But it was good enough to put him in a cell for a year.

And she kept the lie alive for more than a week. And it worked. Obama didnt get tagged with a foreign policy disaster, the mess in Libya didnt affect his re-election. Alls well that ends well.

But it should be an issue in her campaign to festoon the Oval Office with pants suits. The Libya mess is her doing, and it speaks volumes about her foreign policy judgment and whether she should be entrusted with the last word in foreign policy for the United States.

And while the Republican nominee hammers on that point, he or she might want to add that her reset policy with Russia has been a disaster too.

But its going to be tough. She demonstrated yesterday that shes very good at deception, dissembling, bobbing and weaving.

And lets face it: Democrats love that. So none of the lying that was so prominently on display is going to deny her the nomination.Mankind has built stunning landmarks that have stood the test of time.

While preservation efforts by UNESCO and other groups are ongoing to keep these sites from deteriorating, wear and tear and the very people that come to admire their beauty have become their greatest enemies.

Some places have tried capping visitor numbers, others shut down seasonally --but all fight for funding to keep things running.

Here are some of the worlds most famous landmarks in desperate need of restoration.

1.&nbspAngkor Wat  Siem Reap, Cambodia Reuters From butt-baring tourists to thieves selling off relics, the ruins of Cambodias majestic temple complex have suffered over the years. The site has been exploding as a tourist destination each yearaccording to UNESCO over 800,000 people visit the sacred site annually. But the ancient site is being strained by influx of foot traffic. Restoration efforts have been ongoing. China recently stepping in with satellite technology to monitor environmental factors that are contributing to the sites degradation. Numerous reviews on TripAdvisor have sited major repairs limiting access to certain portions of the temple but still note that its a wonderful place to visit.

2.&nbspCaves of Altamira - Santillana del Mar in Cantabria, Spain AP The drawings at this UNESCO World Heritage site date back to the Paleolithic age making them some of the earliest known artworks known to man. Spanning throughout 17 different caves, the drawings depict wild animals like bison and deer and human hands. It might be expected that after 20,000 years, the usual wear and tear would begin to effect the quality of the paintings. In 2002, the Spanish government closed the site to the general public. Today, the nearby museum draws big crowds, and once a week, five lucky visitors are chosen at random to don protective gear and visit a selected area of the cave for 37 minutes.

3.&nbspThe Great Wall of China Reuters The only man-made structure visible from space, the Great Wall of China is arguably one of mankinds most impressive structures ever built. At one point the wall stretched over 13,000 miles, but today it is disappearing. According to state media in China, about 30 percent of the wall has eroded over time due to natural wear like overgrown plants and weather, as well as from vandals stealing bricks or destroying the structure. Construction on the Great Wall dates back to third century BC, but the majority of the wall was built during the Ming Dynasty (1368  1644). Over the years, local villagers have taken bricks from the wall to build homes or tried to sell parts of the wall to tourists, though the practice is illegal and can result in fines. An increase in tourism to lesser-protected areas of the wall has only heightened the damage. According to some reports, the government is working with local municipalities on plans to restore and protect the Walls rural sections.

4.&nbspSpanish Steps  Rome, Italy Reuters Built in the 18th century, these iconic steps connect the Piazza di Spagna at the base and the Piazza Trinità dei Monti in Rome. Featured in classic movies like Roman Holiday and The Talented Mr. Ripley, the steps are a popular attraction for tourists and locals. But the years of constant stepping have taken their toll. Cracks have appeared on the stone surface from both people and invasive plants jutting through. Also, loose stones and deep stains mare the site. The steps were last restored in 1995 but earlier this year Italian luxury jeweler Bulgari announced that it would be donating 1.5 million euros to restore the site. The steps are now closed to foot traffic but a partial section is slated to reopen Dec. 7.

5.&nbspBig Ben  London, England Reuters This iconic clock that's adjoined to the Britain's House of Parliament may be running out of time. According to a new report, the 9-foot-long hour hand and 14-foot-long hands of Big Bens could break off and crash to the ground without immediate repairs. Parliament has proposed a $45.1 million restoration plan that would keep the clock out of commission for about four monthsthe longest suspension of timekeeping in the Great Bell Towers history. No date has been set for repairs to begin.The United Auto Workers union says its workers at General Motors will strike if it can't agree on a new contract with the company by 11:59 p.m. Sunday.

Both sides are still negotiating. The union made a similar threat in recent discussions with Fiat Chrysler before agreeing to a new four-year contract.

Detroit-based GM said Saturday it's working with the UAW and remains committed to reaching "an agreement that is good for employees and the business."

UAW President Dennis Williams said after the Fiat Chrysler deal that General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Co. make more money and should be able to pay more. That conflicts with company goals of cutting labor costs, bringing them closer to foreign automakers with U.S. factories.McDonalds (MCD) posted a breakout third quarter, tech earnings blew past estimates and China cut rates amid a slower economic growth environment.

It was another wild week on Wall Street: Heres what you might have missed.

McDonalds Big Earnings Beat

The worlds biggest burger chain shocked investors on Thursday morning, ahead of the opening bell, when it posted much better-than-expected quarterly results. The company revealed earnings per share of $1.40 on revenue of $6.62 billion. That compared to expectations for profits of $1.27 a share on sales of $6.41 billion.

More than that, though, McDonalds posted the first period of positive comp-sales growth in two years. In the U.S., sales at the chains restaurants open 12 months or longer saw a 0.9% increase. The company said that was thanks in part to the introduction of the Premium Buttermilk Crispy Chicken Deluxe sandwich, and breakfast offerings including a return to the classic recipe ingredients for its famed Egg McMuffin.

Internationally, comp sales jumped 4.6% during the period thanks to outperformance in Australia, the UK, Canada and Germany.

What made it a win for McDonalds in the third quarter was a back-to-basics approach that included making sure customers got a more accurate order more quickly.

The performance sent shares of the company up nearly 10% on the session to a fresh record high, and helped the company add $7.85 billion in market value.

Tech Earnings Turn 3Q Season on a Dime

While the third-quarter period had been so far full of lackluster results thanks to a stronger dollar and a global economic slowdown, big U.S. tech firms managed to defy expectations.

On Thursday, tech heavyweights Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN) and Alphabet, the parent company of Google (GOOGL), all posted better-than-expected quarterly figures that sent shares surging in after-hours trade.

During 3Q, Microsoft broke out three operating divisions in an attempt to turn around its business to focus on cloud-based products, moving away from the personal computing unit as sales have slumped. Thanks to its earning beat, the company on Friday saw its biggest one-day market value gain and highest close since 2000.

Amazon revealed an unexpected profit during the third quarter thanks to its continued investment in cloud-based services. The companys sales also jumped more than expected thanks in part to its efforts to beef-up its Prime membership through the one-day Prime Day sale that it said saw more discounts than Black Friday. The company has also added one-day shipping to several big markets.

Alphabet, meanwhile, saw its first reporting period since folding all of its divisions under one holding company. The Google parent said the search business saw a 19% increase in online-ad revenue in the first half of the year. The company said it started showing more ads with free search results, which helped boost the number of clicks, giving the company more ad revenue.

China Cuts Rates, Shows Slower Growth

On Monday, China said its economy grew at a 6.9% pace in the third quarter, its slowest since the global financial crisis. The worlds second-biggest economy was hit by global-growth concerns and slowing investment in the region. Expectations were for a 6.8% growth rate, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.

While many investors expected the next step for China to be more monetary policy action, they didnt know exactly when it would come. And on Friday, the nation pulled the trigger, cutting its benchmark interest rate by 0.25% -- its third rate cut since November 2015.

The action helped fuel concerns that China would be in for a hard landing  and that the global economic slowdown would only get worse from here. But Rod Smyth, chief investment strategist at Riverfront Investment Group, said he sees more likelihood for a soft landing rather than a hard one.

Weve seen a change in monetary policy. Think it was well flagged. You see it not just in cutting interest rates, which is an old-fashioned thing for them to do, but more importantly in money-supply growth which has really started to pick up in bank lending which has really started to pick up. I think China is back, very clearly, on the stimulus path, he said.

He added that in the third quarter, the nations growth came more from consumption than investment, which he said is a good sign of things to come.

China is now fully engaged in the process of regenerating growth in the economy. Not the way they used to: More targeted. But theyre going to go back to a program of more infrastructure spending, linking some of these ghost cities with major cities, and therefore making them relevant, he added.

On Tap Next Week

All eyes are on the U.S. central bank next week in the wake of action from the Peoples Bank of China and a speech from European Central Bank President Mario Draghi, who in the middle of the week, left the door open to more monetary policy action in December.

The Federal Reserve begins its two-day policy-setting meeting next Tuesday, which concludes with a statement on Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. Wall Street largely anticipates no action to move interest rates in the U.S. higher at this meeting; instead they expect the Fed to hold off until at least December, if not well into next year.

Along with a Fed decision is a slew of key reports for investors to parse for any signs of how the U.S. is holding up in the midst of a global economic slowdown.

These are the reports to watch:

Monday: New home sales

Tuesday: Durable goods, S&P/Case-Shiller home prices, consumer confidence

Wednesday: FOMC statement

Thursday: Weekly jobless claims, 3Q GDP reading, pending home sales

Friday: Personal income and spending, Chicago PMI, consumer sentiment

Follow Victoria Craig on Twitter @VictoriaCraig.It takes a special kind of person to conquer 100 roller-coaster rides in a day.

Jeff Brashares, 61, of Marysville, Ohio, is that person. Once a year he participates in CoasterMania, an event at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio, where theme-park fanatics ride roller coasters from 6 a.m. until after midnight.

So it come as no surprise that his wife, Angie, calls him a coaster-crazy. After all, hes a member of the American Coaster Enthusiasts, and hes been chasing down thrill rides for the past 56 years. Just two years ago, he even convinced his wife to get married at a theme park and ride a coaster immediately after -- tux, wedding gown and all.

This summer, with an extended family in tow, he will be on the road checking out some new rides, including Banshee, a roller coaster at Kings Island in Ohio, and Wonder Mountains Guardian, an interactive 4-D ride at Wonderland in Canada.

Adrenaline junkies like Brashares will have a field day this summer with all the new coasters, daredevil water slides and terrifying drop towers that are opening across North America.

The diversity of new attractions opening for families to enjoy together this summer is incredible, says Paul Noland, president and CEO of the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions.

Here are just a few attractions worth checking out.Sushi is so common today that its even in grocery stores. But 30 years ago, Americans had barely heard of this Japanese mainstay  until a chef named Masayoshi Takayama brought more than spicy tuna and California rolls to the West Coast.

Takayama  his legions of fans know him simply as Masa  now owns the renowned sushi restaurant in New York City that bears his name. At Masa, the food isnt just a meal  its a dining experience, a place where customers can taste the master chefs artfully displayed rare foods. And rare doesn't come cheap; a couple can easily spend $1,500 there.

Masa says staying true to the art of sushi has been the key to his success.

His love of seafood began when he was a boy in Japan, working at his family's fish company right outside of Tokyo. Seeing it every day as a child made "sashimi and sushi personal," he says, and it launched his love for the ingredients.

But Japanese tradition requires that sushi chefs go through a decades-long apprenticeship before they can earn the title of chef, and Masa took the traditional path, cleaning bathroom floors and washing dishes as an apprentice in some of Tokyo's finest restaurants.

He remembers having "no money, no salary, just enough to survive and learn," and it took five years before he was even allowed in front of customers. But once he was, he knew there was no turning back. Working at the sushi counter is like a stage, like Broadway," he says.

More on this... Kitchen Superstars: Sushi master 'Masa' Takayama

Masa moved to Los Angeles in 1980, and seven years later he opened Ginza Sushi-ko, which became one of the city's most coveted reservations. The restaurant has been credited with the rise in sushis popularity not just in L.A., but throughout the U.S.

As his reputation grew, Masa moved to a larger space in Beverly Hills. But in 2004, after a call from acclaimed chef Thomas Keller, owner of French Laundry, Masa moved to New York. His restaurant on the East Coast quickly became as popular as the one hed owned in L.A., and in 2008it became the first Japanese restaurant in America to receive the culinary world's highest honor  three Michelin stars.

Today Masa is still evolving, from designing the dishware (he makes pottery, too) to opening restaurants from Las Vegas to Dubai.

"This is my passion and energy," he says. "I don't want to stay in the same spot. I like to move always to something new, but still keep the Japanese technique, the Japanese flavor."As advances continue in the realm of mobile devices and wearable gadgets, we always come back to the same handful of barriers that impede progress. Chief among them, of course, is battery technology. Component makers spend millions on research and development in an effort to make the most power-efficient parts possible, but the majority of smartphones still only last a day at most per charge. Where wearables are concerned, these tiny devices come in a wide range of flexible shapes that often severely limit vendors options when it comes to battery size and placement.

Battery technology has never been able to keep pace with other components, but a new breakthrough unveiled this week by Samsung could represent one of the most important advancements in mobile battery tech weve seen in quite some time.

MUST READ: HTC exec responds to iPhone copycat claims: No, Apple copied us

Samsung is known most widely by consumers as a smartphone maker. The companys Galaxy brand Android phones helped propel Samsung to the top of the industry where shipment volume is concerned, and Samsung is still the worlds No. 1 phone vendor despite recent struggles.

But the South Korean electronics giant is much more than just a phone maker. Samsung has a number of other high-profile businesses, and components may be chief among them. In fact, Samsung bucked a seven-quarter earnings slide in the third quarter this year thanks largely to its component business, which counts Apple among its largest customers.

Samsung makes a portion of the new A9 chipsets that power Apples iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, and the company also manufactures a wide range of other components, including batteries. This past week at the annual InterBattery 2015 expo in Seoul, South Korea, Samsung showed off two new batteries that represent major steps forward in battery tech for mobile devices.

Dubbed Stripe and Band, these new Samsung batteries are thin and flexible, allowing them to fit into spaces and components that could otherwise not house a battery.

The new batteries are still in the prototype phase, but testing appears to be going quite well. According to Samsung, its new battery tech has the potential to increase battery life in some mobile devices by as much as 50%. Also of note, these new flexible batteries were able to withstand 50,000 bends during Samsungs tests, suggesting durability will not be a concern.

Samsungs Band battery is designed to be housed in the flexible band of a smartwatch or fitness tracker, though its applications could certainly extend beyond those categories. Meanwhile, the Stripe battery can bend and conform freely as a fiber and is equipped with innovative energy density, according to Samsung.

The company continued, Since it is adaptable to various forms  such as a necklace, hairband, t-shirt accessories, and more  it will in result fuel the growth of battery application market including wearables.Uber and Snapchat may have higher valuations, but none of the billion dollar startups known as unicorns to come out of Silicon Valley in recent years is more intriguing than Theranos, the embattled health-tech company founded by a Stanford dropout.

Enveloped in secrecy, the 12-year old startup  now valued at a whopping $9 billion  has raised more than $400 million from the likes of noted venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson and Oracle (ORCL) chairman Larry Ellison.

Elizabeth Holmes, who founded the company at 19 in her Palo Alto dorm room, still owns more than 50% of the company, making her net worth about $4.5 billion. Forbes called Holmes the worlds youngest self-made female billionaire.

After a decade in stealth mode, Theranos made a huge splash in 2013, launching a breakthrough proprietary platform that, according to the company, made it possible to quickly process the full range of laboratory tests from a few drops of blood obtained from a finger prick, at a fraction of the cost of traditional labs like Quest Diagnostics (DGX).

The company now offers its services direct to consumers through dozens of Walgreens wellness centers in Arizona and California, with plans to launch nationwide.

Holmes quickly became an entrepreneurial icon  an instant celebrity. Shes since been profiled in the New Yorker, Fortune and Forbes, interviewed by Charlie Rose, awarded an honorary doctorate from Pepperdine and named to the Harvard Medical School Board of Fellows, among many honors. Some have compared her to Steve Jobs.

But a blockbuster front-page expose in the Wall Street Journal last week cast serious doubt on the efficacy and accuracy of Theranos supposedly disruptive technology, as well as the companys purported transparency in dealing with regulators and federal agencies. And thats created a media firestorm and a crisis for the company.

Based on interviews with former employees, emails it obtained, and many other sources, the Journal made a number of troubling allegations:

Theranos is having a lot more trouble bringing its technology to market and delivering on its disruptive promises than its letting on. According to the Journal, just 15 of the more than 240 tests it now offers actually use the companys proprietary Edison system. The vast majority are run on standard machines from third-parties like Siemens.

Most of the tests use blood drawn in a traditional manner, from an arm vein, as opposed to the few drops of blood from a finger stick method the company pioneered. And some of the samples drawn by finger stick are then diluted so they can be tested using traditional machines. That may not yield the most accurate results.

Over the course of the Journals investigation, the company apparently dropped claims of needing only a few drops of blood using three tiny micro-vials instead of the usual six or more large ones from its website.

Perhaps the most concerning allegation is that test results using its revolutionary finger stick, nanotainer and Edison tester may not be as accurate as those from traditional lab services.

All labs are required to submit to whats known as proficiency testing to prove the accuracy of their testing. When employees saw different results between Edison and traditional systems, they were allegedly ordered by Theranos president and COO Sunny Balwani to report only the latter, even though the company was using Edison with real patients blood for those same tests. That violates federal rules.

Lastly, Holmes apparently declined interview requests from the Journal for five months until, according to the Journal, Last week, the company said she would be available to comment, but her schedule didnt allow it before publication of this article. That doesnt sound very transparent to me.

It also bears mentioning that the company has never published any peer-reviewed papers in medical journals discussing its methods or demonstrating how its results compare with traditional methods.

In two posts on its website, Theranos disputes the Journals story as factually and scientifically erroneous and grounded in baseless assertions by inexperienced and disgruntled former employees and industry incumbents. Theranos presented the facts to this reporter to prove the accuracy and reliability of its tests and to directly refute these false allegations, including more than 1,000 pages of statements and documents.

Meanwhile, appearing on Mad Money with Jim Cramer, Holmes shot back, stating, This is what happens when you work to change things. First they think youre crazy. Then they fight you. And then all of a sudden you change the world. I have to say I personally was shocked to see that the journal would publish something like this 

Thats the Journals take and the companys response. Heres my take on whats going on here:

First, the companys broad denials and rhetorical outrage fail to directly address most of the Journals claims. Saying statements are false doesnt carry a whole lot of weight or make it so. After all, this is the Journal, not a tabloid. Likewise, Holmess shock in the interview came across as defensive and lacking credibility.

For example, Holmess claim that the Journal piece is something of a typical reaction to innovators who disrupt the status quo makes no sense. This involves peoples health. Its not Uber versus taxis. If the piece in question were an op-ed by Quest, her comment would be credible. But it wasnt. It was a front-page story in the Wall Street Journal.

Lets not overlook the obvious. It looks as if the company hired hundreds of people, spent a decade in development and burned through a lot of cash. Expectations were high. So it came out of stealth mode  apparently too soon  made some big claims, created some hype and havent been able to deliver, at least not yet. It happens.

Changing the world is never easy. Unexpected challenges and hurdles are routine. Ive worked with countless companies that took longer than 10 years to fully develop their technology to the point where it could disrupt a market the size of the one Theranos is going after.

Besides, this is not an app or a website. This is not software or consumer electronics. This is healthcare. This is diagnostic testing on people. This is a very big deal with lives at stake. Apple (AAPL) can get away with being secretive. So can Trader Joes. I think Theranos underestimated the scrutiny it would and should inevitably face.

Lastly, the company brought this crisis upon itself by stonewalling the Journal for five months. It may have done that because of the issues Ive just outlined. In any case, firing off statements like We are disappointed to see that The Wall Street Journal still cant get its facts straight are only going to make matters worse.

If thats what serves as damage control or crisis management at Theranos, theyre in for a very long and painful experience. This is far from over.

Theranos did not return a request for comment at the time of publication.

Steve Tobak is a management consultant, columnist, former senior executive and author of "Real Leaders Don't Follow: Being Extraordinary in the Age of the Entrepreneur." Learn more, contact Tobak or follow his new blog at stevetobak.com. Any opinions expressed are those of the columnist.Also on the webFox Nation:

Kennedy runs through the hot topics of the day from carving a pumpkin with a rifle to breaking records in the sky.

Be sure to tune in to 'Kennedy' weeknights on Fox Business at 8 ET! Set your DVRs!Members of Bomba Estereo pose for a selfie with actor-singer Will Smith.ap

Will Smith is set to perform at the Latin Grammy Awards on Nov. 19.

Smith will join Colombian band Bomba Estereo onstage for their remix of "Fiesta" at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.

Smith and the group released the remix earlier this month. The original version of the song, without Smith, is nominated for record of the year at the Latin Grammys.

Other performers at the 16th annual awards show include ChocQuibTown, J Balvin, Natalia Jimenez, Juan Luis Guerra, Matisse and Raquel Sofia.

The "Fiesta" remix is Smith's first release in a decade. Bomba Estereo, known for its blend of Latin, tropical and electro sounds, is also nominated for best alternative music album for "Amanecer."

Singer-songwriter Leonel Garcia leads the nominees with six. The show will air live on Univision.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramBridge of Lions at Castillo de San Marcos symbolizes the Spanish fleets that brought the wealth of the New World to Spain.The search for signs of life in a mysterious star system hypothesized to potentially harbor an "alien megastructure" is now underway.

Astronomers have begun using the Allen Telescope Array (ATA), a system of radio dishes about 300 miles northeast of San Francisco, to hunt for signals coming from the vicinity of KIC 8462852, a star that lies 1,500 light-years from Earth.

NASA's Kepler space telescope found that KIC 8462852 dimmed oddly and dramatically several times over the past few years. The dimming events were far too substantial to be caused by a planet crossing the star's face, researchers say, and other possible explanations, such as an enormous dust cloud, don't add up, either. [13 Ways to Hunt Intelligent Alien Life]

The leading hypothesis at the moment involves a swarm of comets that may have been sent careening toward KIC 8462852, possibly after a gravitational jostle by a passing star. But it's also possible, astronomers say, that the signal Kepler saw was caused by huge structures built by an alien civilization  say, a giant assortment of orbiting solar panels.

That latter possibility, remote though it may be, has put KIC 8462852 in the crosshairs of scientists who hunt for signals that may have been generated by intelligent aliens.

"We are looking at it with the Allen Telescope Array," said Seth Shostak, a senior astronomer at the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute in Mountain View, California.

"No problem with that; I think we ought to, for sure," Shostak told Space.com. But, he added, people "should perhaps moderate their enthusiasm with the lessons of history."

Shostak cited the example of pulsars, fast-spinning, superdense stellar corpses that emit beams of high-energy radiation. These beams are picked up by instruments on and around Earth as regular pulses, because they can only be detected when they're fired straight at the planet (an event that occurs at predictable intervals because of pulsars' rotation).

Astronomers know all this now. But in the 1960s, when the first pulsar signals were discovered, some scientists interpreted them as possible alien transmissions.

"So history suggests we're going to find an explanation for this that doesn't involve Klingons, if you will," Shostak said of the KIC 8462852 mystery.

But until such an explanation is found, the intelligent-aliens hypothesis will still be on the table, even if the ATA and other instruments like it come up empty. The lack of a detectable signal, after all, does not establish that KIC 8462852 is a lifeless system.

The star may support lifeforms that do not emit signals we can pick up, for example. Or it may once have hosted a civilization that has since gone extinct, leaving the strange megastructure as a sort of monument.

Kepler's main planet-hunting work suggests that the Milky Way galaxy teems with billions of rocky, potentially habitable planets. So KIC 8462852 is far from the only lead that Shostak and his colleagues will be chasing down in the coming years.

"It almost doesnt matter where you point your telescope, because there are planets everywhere," Shostak said. "If there's somebody out there, there are going to be so many of them out there that I do think there's a chance."





Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.While the U.S. Constitution pretty clearly states that there shall be no religious test for president, its no secret that presidential candidates are subject to all kinds of scrutiny, including about their relationship with God. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is no exception. Sanders has said in past interviews that while hes Jewish, hes not particularlyRichard Petty isn't slowing down at all, despite being 78 years old. Known to all as simply "The King," Petty continues to lead the Richard Petty Motorsports NASCAR Sprint Cup Series team. And now the seven-time NASCAR champion is also working with Ford Motor Co. to create some bodacious limited edition 2016 Ford Mustangs for the street.



Petty's Garage, the King's in-house speed shop, will build 243 2016 Ford Mustang King Edition models, 43 King Premier models and 14 King Premier convertibles. Customers can order the cars through their local Ford dealership.



The specially tweaked Petty Mustangs produce 670 to 727 horsepower, depending on options. Prices start at $67,495 for the King edition, and $90,495 for King Premier. The cars are covered by full three-year factory Ford warranties and feature an extensive list of engine, chassis, brake and appearance modifications. Each of the cars produced will carry Petty's signature on a dashboard nameplate.



"I've always liked the look of the Mustang, and the 2016 model gives us a great base car to work with," said Richard Petty. "These new King edition Mustangs are pretty much the way I'd build my own. They are great fun to drive, and have a signature single exhaust."

----------

Test Drive: 2015 Ford Mustang Shelby GT350Maureen O'Hara, the flame-haired Irish movie star who appeared in classics ranging from the grim "How Green Was My Valley" to the uplifting "Miracle on 34th Street" and bantered unforgettably with John Wayne in several films, has died. She was 95.

O'Hara died in her sleep at her home in Boise, Idaho, said Johnny Nicoletti, her longtime manager.

"She passed peacefully surrounded by her loving family as they celebrated her life listening to music from her favorite movie, 'The Quiet Man,'" said a statement from her family.

"As an actress, Maureen O'Hara brought unyielding strength and sudden sensitivity to every role she played. Her characters were feisty and fearless, just as she was in real life. She was also proudly Irish and spent her entire lifetime sharing her heritage and the wonderful culture of the Emerald Isle with the world," said a family biography.

O'Hara came to Hollywood to star in the 1939 "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and went on to a long career.

During her movie heyday, she became known as the Queen of Technicolor because of the camera's love affair with her vivid hair, pale complexion and fiery nature.

But she also had talent.

"I proved there was a bloody good actress in me," she told the British newspaper The Telegraph last year. "It wasn't just my face. I gave bloody good performances."

She never was nominated for a competitive Oscar but received an honorary Academy Award last year.

After her start in Hollywood with "Hunchback" and some minor films at RKO, she was borrowed by 20th Century Fox to play the beautiful young daughter in the 1941 saga of a coal-mining family, "How Green Was My Valley."

"How Green Was My Valley" went on to win five Oscars including best picture and best director for John Ford, beating out Orson Welles and "Citizen Kane" among others. It was the first of several films she made under the direction of Ford, whose grouchy nature seemed to melt in her presence  although he once punched her hard in the jaw at a party.

The popularity of "How Green Was My Valley" confirmed O'Hara's status as a Hollywood star. RKO and Fox shared her contract, and her most successful films were made at Fox.

They included "Miracle on 34th Street," the classic 1947 Christmas story in which O'Hara was little Natalie Wood's skeptical mother and among those charmed by Edmund Gwenn as a man who believed he was Santa Claus.

Other films included the costume drama "The Foxes of Harrow" (Rex Harrison, 1947); the comedy "Sitting Pretty" (Clifton Webb, 1948); and the sports comedy "Father Was a Fullback" (Fred MacMurray, 1949).

Often she sailed the high seas in colorful pirate adventures such as "The Black Swan" with Tyrone Power, "The Spanish Main" with Paul Henreid, "Sinbad the Sailor" with Douglas Fairbanks Jr., and "Against All Flags" with Errol Flynn.

With Ford's "Rio Grande" in 1950, O'Hara became Wayne's favorite leading lady. The most successful of their five films was 1952's "The Quiet Man," also directed by Ford, in which she matched Wayne blow for blow in a classic donnybrook.

In one scene, she recalled, Wayne drags her across a field that he and Ford had covered with sheep dung.

With her Irish spunk, she could stand up to the rugged Duke, both on and off screen. She was proud when he remarked in an interview that he preferred to work with men  "except for Maureen O'Hara; she's a great guy."

"We met through Ford, and we hit it right off," she remarked in 1991. "I adored him, and he loved me. But we were never sweethearts. Never, ever."

O'Hara's other movies with Wayne were "The Wings of Eagles" (1957), "McClintock!" (1963) and "Big Jake" (1971).

After her studio contracts ended, she remained busy. She played the mother of twins, both played by Hayley Mills, who conspire to reunite their divorced parents in the 1961 Disney comedy "The Parent Trap."

She was also in "Spencer's Mountain" with Henry Fonda (1963), a precursor to TV's "The Waltons"; and a Western, "The Rare Breed," with James Stewart (1966).

In 1968, she married her third husband, Brig. Gen. Charles Blair. After "Big Jake," she quit movies to live with him in the Virgin Islands, where he operated Antilles Airboats. After his death in a 1978 plane crash, she ran the company for several years before selling it, making her the first woman president of a scheduled airline in the United States.

"Being married to Charlie Blair and traveling all over the world with him, believe me, was enough for any woman," she said in a 1995 Associated Press interview. "It was the best time of my life."

She returned to movies in 1991 for a role that writer-director Chris Columbus had written especially for her, as John Candy's feisty mother in a sentimental drama, "Only the Lonely." It was not a box-office success.

Over the following decade, she did three TV movies: "The Christmas Box," based on a best-selling book, a perennial holiday attraction; "Cab to Canada," a road picture; and "The Last Dance."

While making "The Christmas Box" in 1995, she admitted that roles for someone her age (75) were scarce: "The older a man gets, the younger the parts that he plays. The older a woman gets, you've got to find parts that are believable. Since I'm not a frail character, it's not that easy."

She played a retired schoolteacher in the 2000 TV movie "The Last Dance."

Maureen FitzSimons (pronounced Fitz-SYM-ons) was born in 1920 near Dublin, Ireland. Her mother was a well-known opera singer, and her father owned a string of soccer teams. Through her father, she learned to love sports; through her mother, she and her five siblings were exposed to the theater.

"My first ambition was to be the No. 1 actress in the world," she recalled in 1999. "And when the whole world bowed at my feet, I would retire in glory and never do anything again."

In her 2004 autobiography, "'Tis Herself,'" O'Hara recalled that a Gypsy told her at the age of 5 that "You will leave Ireland one day and become a very famous woman known all around the world.'"

Maureen was admitted to the training program at Dublin's famed Abbey Theater, where she was a prize student. When word of the beautiful Irish teen reached London, she was offered a screen test, and a friend convinced her reluctant parents to allow it.

Maureen considered the test a failure, but it led to a few small roles in English films. The great actor Charles Laughton, who was producing and starring in films made in England, saw the test and was intrigued by her dancing eyes. At 17 she co-starred opposite him in a pirate yarn, "Jamaica Inn," directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Laughton gave her a more manageable name: O'Hara.

With the onslaught of World War II, filmmaking virtually halted in England. Laughton moved to RKO in Hollywood and starred as Quasimodo in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame," with O'Hara as the beautiful gypsy girl, Esmeralda.

Her first husband was director George Hanley Brown, whom she met while making "Jamaica Inn." When she moved to Hollywood, he remained in England and the marriage was annulled.

In 1941, she married a tall, handsome director, Will Price, and they had a daughter, Bronwyn, in 1944.

"The marriage was a terrible mistake, and we divorced in 1952," she said. She remained unmarried until the wedding to Blair in 1968.

O'Hara's career was threatened by a manufactured scandal in 1957, when Confidential magazine claimed she and a lover engaged in "the hottest show in town" in a back row in Hollywood's Grauman's Chinese Theater.

But at the time, she told AP, "I was making a movie in Spain, and I had the passport to prove it." She testified against the magazine in a criminal libel trial and brought a lawsuit that was settled out of court. The magazine eventually went out of business.

On the screen, O'Hara always played strong, willful women. In a 1991 interview, she was asked if she was the same woman she appeared in movies.

"I do like to get my own way," she said. "But don't think I'm not acting when I'm up there. And don't think I always get my own way. There have been crushing disappointments. But when that happens, I say, 'Find another hill to climb.'"

She is survived by her daughter, Bronwyn FitzSimons of Glengarriff, Ireland; her grandson, Conor FitzSimons of Boise and two great-grandchildren.The "Doomsday Vault" just got its first bit of doomsday press: coverage of its first-ever withdrawal of seeds. Since 2008, the vault has sat on a Norwegian island in the Svalbard archipelago, 800 miles from the North Pole where the soil is always frozen.

It's a place so cold that Reuters explains that in the event of power failure the crop seeds within the vault would be preserved for at least 200 years.

That makes it an ideal location to house and safeguard the seeds in the event of catastrophe, and the first catastrophe of sorts has apparently occurred: Syria's civil war.

There are other gene banks around the world, one being in Aleppo. It's located at the headquarters of the International Center for Agricultural Research in Dry Areas (ICARDA) which itself in 2012 moved from Aleppo to Beirut due to the conflict.

Cary Fowler, the creator of the Svalbard vault, last month told Australia's ABC News that "we don't think that seed collection has been lost," but ICARDA has certainly lost its ability to get the seeds to farmers or scientists who request them.

He said the plan was to "re-establish that gene bank center now in two locations: in Morocco and Lebanon." The Local reports that since 2008, ICARDA was able to send samples of 87% of its seeds to Svalbard and other banks.

It's now asking for some 116,000 samples that include wheat, barley, and grasses that thrive in dry areas. The transfer will occur once the paperwork is done.

While the news may sound negative, Slate points out the vault is working "exactly how [it's] supposed to work. When disaster strikes, the Arctic seed vault forms a sort of planetary insurance policy." (Read more about what the vault contains.)

This article originally appeared on Newser: 'Doomsday Vault' Sees Its First Withdrawal

More From NewserThe heartwarming images of children  smiling, laughing out loud and snuggling  that fill the pages of parenting magazines actually hold a less-than-obvious problem: Many of these ads show kids doing things that are not safe.

In fact, about one in six advertisements in two of the top-selling parenting magazines in the United States contains images or promotes products that could be considered unsafe for a child's health, a new study reveals.

The ads show photographs or describe products that conflict with the health and safety recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), the nation's largest pediatricians group, according to the researchers.

For example, an ad might show a photograph of young children in a boat, where the kids are not wearing life jackets. This image conflicts with pediatricians' recommendation that kids under 12 always wear life vests while boating. Or, for instance, an ad might show babies in their cribs, sleeping on their stomachs or sides, rather than being placed on their backs, which is the recommended practice to lower the risk of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS).

"It was surprising that about every sixth ad in these parenting magazines had at least one violation of AAP policies," said Dr. Michael Pitt, an assistant professor of pediatrics at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis and a co-author of the study. [9 Weird Ways Kids Can Get Hurt]

The researchers had expected to see only a small handful of ads containing offenses, he said. Instead, they found many violations in a wide range of product categories, from infant sleep and toy safety to supplements and baby formula.

For their analysis, the researchers reviewed the pages of the two parenting magazines with the largest circulations, "Parents" and "Family Fun." They looked at all of the ads for products used by children that appeared in issues from the years 2009 and 2014.

For each ad, the researchers evaluated whether the product, the photograph and the words in the ad were consistent with published recommendations from the AAP's policy statements, injury prevention manual or website advice on healthychildren.org.

The researchers will present their findings Oct. 25 at the AAP's yearly national meeting in Washington, D.C.

Potentially harmful images

In the vast majority of cases, the problems the researchers found were in the ads' images. In fact, more than half of the problematic images promoted practices that could be potentially life-threatening to children, Pitt said.

For example, one problem the researchers identified was in an ad for a non-FDA-approved dietary supplement that claimed to treat childhood depression, he said. Another ad showed children riding bicycles without helmets, and a toddler reaching into a bag of popcorn, a food that should be avoided by children under age 5 because it's a possible choking hazard.

Others images showed a baby using an infant walker, and a crib with bumpers  both of which are practices the pediatricians group does not recommend.(Walkers do not help children learn to walk, and they can actually delay normal motor development, the AAP says. And crib bumpers are a suffocation and strangulation hazard.)

When the researchers compared the ads in the 2014 issues to those from 2009, they found fewer problems related to sleep safety and children's screen time (such as infant DVDs, which are not advised for kids under 2), which likely resulted from increased media attention to these topics.

However, they observed an increase in problems related to ads for non-FDA-approved treatments and products that may make children more likely to fall.

The researchers' concern is that when parents see these ads and photos depicted on the glossy pages of a magazine, it may send a message that this behavior is normal, even though these practices could be harmful to children, Pitt told Live Science.

Pitt said he hopes the study findings create increased awareness among parents about the potentially harmful messages in ads, and that it encourages more parents to advocate for safer ads.

He also hopes the findings may encourage advertisers of children's products, as well as editors of parenting magazines, to review their ads and accompanying images to make sure they are consistent with the best practices for children's health and safety.

Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Florida police rescued a 7-foot alligator that was caught in a storm drain on Friday.

A Seminole County resident was trying to prevent the gator from getting struck by a car as the reptile was trying to climb out of the storm drain Friday night. However, authorities say that person ended up pushing the alligator further down the drain.

The gator ended up being wedged between a pipe and the edge of the drain when Pinellas County Sheriffs deputies opened a manhole cover.

They used a dogs leash to close its mouth, then secured it with duct tape. Next, they lassoed the alligator behind its front legs and hoisted it out of the manhole, according to WTVT.

State wildlife officials took possession of the female alligator and it will be transferred to an alligator farm.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Co-anchors Bill Hemmer and Martha MacCallum to Moderate

FOX News Channel (FNC) announced today that it will host a candidate forum as part of its Republican presidential primary debate coverage on August 6, 2015.

FOX News Executive Vice President of News Editorial Michael Clemente said, As we noted when we first announced the debate criteria, our intention has always been to provide coverage to the wide field of Republican candidates and we are glad to present these details today.

Moderated by Americas Newsroom co-anchors, Bill Hemmer and Martha MacCallum, the forum will be presented live from the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, OH from 1-3PM/ET on FNC, as well as on the networks other platforms, including FOX News Radio, FOX News Mobile and FOXNews.com.

The candidates, who do not qualify for the primetime GOP primary debate, will be among those invited to participate in the 90-minute forum, which is part of the additional planned candidate coverage previously announced by the network. Following the forum, the network and Facebook will present the primetime debate from 9-11PM/ET.

Clemente announced the forum participation criteria as follows:

Must meet all U.S. Constitutional requirements; and

Must announce and register a formal campaign for president; and

Must file all necessary paperwork with the Federal Election Commission (FEC), and

Must score 1% or higher in an average of the five most recent national polls, as recognized by FOX News leading up to August 4th at 5 PM/ET. Such polling must be conducted by major, nationally recognized organizations that use standard methodological techniques.

A top five cable network, FNC has been the most-watched news channel in the country for more than 13 years and according to Public Policy Polling, is the most trusted television news source in the country. Owned by 21st Century Fox, FNC is available in more than 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre.

###

FOX News Media Contact:

Carly Shanahan/212.301.3851In this latest Bullet Points podcast  an appeals court upholds parts of NY and Connecticut gun control laws; and a gentleman in Tennessee shows us a new take on pumpkin carving via his youtube channel.

Join FOX News Radios Jessica Curtis for Bullet Points a look at all the latest news and views for Americas shooting community:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Follow Jessica on Twitter: @JessicaAtFoxRad #FOXBulletPoints

Click HERE for more Bullet PointsBy Bradford Richardson, The Hill

Democratic primary front-runner Hillary Clinton says the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) scandal is not as widespread a problem as coverage of the incident would indicate.

She said the problem is real, but cautioned that its not been as widespread as it has been made out to be on MSNBCs Rachel Maddow Show on Friday.Friday on The Alan Colmes Show, Alan spoke to creator of All In The Family and founder of People For The American Way Norman Lear, who has released the paperback version of his memoir, Even This I Get To Experience.

Lear told Alan that the Republicans running for President of the United States have turned America into a country of clowns. He also said the Republicans questioning Hillary Clinton during the Benghazi Committee hearing were digging their own graves, and had this to say about Dr. Ben Carson running for President:

COLMES: Carson may be a true believer, but look at what he believes, Jews in the Holocaust might have done better had they had guns. I mean that kind of statement is so insulting, I dont think he plans to be Anti-Semitic, or mean to be, but who else gets away with saying that and continue running a Presidential campaign?

LEAR: I dont know, if he were a stand-up comic, he couldnt have done better for himself with that line, but as a man running for the Presidency, its scary as hell.

*****

COLMES: God wants Ben Carson to run, but I wonder if God also wants him to lose.

LEAR: Any God I would respect would, let me put it this way, every God I would respect would.A cup presented by Titanic survivor Molly Brown to the captain of rescue ship Carpathia is expected to raise more than $61,000 in a major UK auction of Titanic memorabilia this weekend.

Henry Aldridge & Son is auctioning the cup and a host of other items related to the tragic ship in Devizes, Wiltshire, on Saturday.

It is without doubt one of the most iconic pieces of Titanic memorabilia in existence, Henry Aldridge & Son Auctioneer Andrew Aldridge told FoxNews.com, via email.

The Titanic, which struck an iceberg at 11:40 p.m. ship's time on April 14 2012, sank just over two hours later with the loss of more than 1,500 lives.

Related Image Expand / Contract A sterling silver loving cup presented by Titanic survivor Molly Brown to the captain of rescue ship Carpathia (Henry Aldridge & Son)

Brown, who later famously became known as the unsinkable Molly Brown, presented the sterling silver loving cup to Carpathias Captain Sir Arthur Henry Rostron in a ceremony in New York on May 29 2012.

Related: Did this iceberg sink the Titanic?

Captain Rostron and his crew rescued 705 Titanic survivors on April 15, 2012. Brown was on one of the last lifeboats to reach Carpathia, and once onboard, helped establish a committee to raise money for destitute survivors. The committee had raised around $10,000 before the Carpathia had even reached New York, according to Henry Aldridge & Son.

A ceremony arranged for the following month recognized Carpathias crew, with each crewmember presented with either a gold, silver or bronze medal, dependent on their rank.

Related Image Expand / Contract Mrs. James J. "Molly" Brown, a survivor of the Titanic, aboard the Carpathia, April 1912. (REUTERS/George Grantham Bain Collection/Library of Congress/Handout)

A dedication on the loving cup reads: In grateful recognition and appreciation of his heroic and efficient service in the rescue of the survivors of the Titanic on April 15th 1912, and of the generous and sympathetic treatment he accorded us on his ship. From the Survivors of the Titanic.

The cup has a presale estimate of between $61,824 and $92,736. The artifact is among more than 200 lots that will go under the hammer as part of Henry Aldridge & Sons Titanic, Hindenburg and other icons of the 20th century auction. Other lots include a photo purportedly showing the iceberg that sank the Titanic, five unpublished photos of the ships launch on May 31, 1911 and a tray recovered from the Hindenburg crash site.

Follow James Rogers on Twitter @jamesjrogersHere at The Active Times, were big proponents of off-the-beaten-path adventures and exploring wilderness around the globe, but that mentality occasionally means that cities are overlooked.

Urban centers offer their own form of adventureand some even satisfy the most active outdoor enthusiastsso we decided to honor and highlight the cities you should absolutely see in your lifetime.

Among the many criteria, cities on the list were judged on access to outdoor adventure, greenspace (or preserved land), general aesthetic, culinary chops, nightlife, art scene and friendliness of locals (which played a small part in the rankings). The chosen cities were picked from around the globe and, hopefully, offer a small sampling of the diversity thats out there.

From South Carolina to South Africa, these are the amazing cities you need to see in your lifetime.Fox News

Three people were killed killed Saturday and 22 injured after a vehicle being driven by a suspected drunk driver crashed into a crowd of spectators at the Oklahoma State University homecoming parade, The Stillwater News Press reported.

The Stillwater, Okla., mayor confirmed the number of dead and said there were several who were injured critically. A woman behind the wheel of the vehicle was taken into custody on suspicion of driving under the influence, police said.

The accident happened midmorning Saturday. Officials said more than two dozen people were airlifted to area hospitals, the paper reported. Eight helicopters responded to the scene.When John Boehner announced his resignation as Speaker of the House earlier this month many thought he was sending the message that his party was so deeply embroiled in dysfunctional conflict that he could no longer envision a path to being successful.

He also sent a clear signal that his party had reached a critical point in its ability to constructively manage its conflicts and work together toward a shared vision and picture of the future that will engage all its members, young and old members.

The party, represented by an elephant as its symbolic mascot, has a big elephant of its own to confront.

The biggest elephant and real problem the Republican house members must confront is a lack of leadership. Leadership that can demonstrate the capability and skills required to constructively confront and manage conflict.

At first glance, one could easily conclude that the conflict on Capitol Hill should be considered normal. An old and oddly familiar elephant representing ongoing differences that one would expect will sooner or later get worked out.

At closer examination, the elephant is much bigger and stronger than that and is one that will require much greater change in how the partys leadership acts.

The biggest elephant and real problem the Republican house members must confront is a lack of leadership. Leadership that can demonstrate the capability and skills required to constructively confront and manage conflict. This is a big undertaking. One that will test the party and have a great impact on its ability to show it can be responsible enough to be trusted with the next presidency. The timing is critical.

There is little doubt that Americans are more than fed up with the inability of their political leaders to manage conflict constructively. Baby boomers have experienced far too much dysfunction from leadership in both parties. And while boomers may have grown accustomed to living with the dysfunction, younger people have experienced enough to decide that they cannot place their trust in leaders unable to deal with conflict effectively. Theres just too much rigidity, criticizing, and a complete lack of effort to collaborate.

According to current projections from the Census Bureau, Millennials now nationally top 83 million and boomers are just under 75 million. With younger voters traditionally leaning toward more liberal and Democratic Party values, and more interested in talking about what is possible versus the rehashing of old battle lines and conflicts, they appear to more than ready to move beyond the bipartisan politics, gridlock, and the unpleasant experience that they have listened to their parents complain about.

This bodes well for a Democratic Party that has the appearance of being cohesive and more in alignment in its vision, a favorable position when Republicans can easily be seen as rigid and set in the ways of coalition building that conveys mistrust and fear of one another. And drives results in dissatisfaction, makes voters fearful, and creates the skepticism, mistrust, and cynicism that continues to pervade. What will it take to overcome the sense of dysfunction, over-the-top gamesmanship, and destructive conflict that the Republican House appears to be mired in? Who will take the on the task of responding to the big elephant of the current leadership vacuum?

When all is said and done, great leaders are expected to do three things: create change, confront conflict, and to know themselves. These interdependent pursuits lie at the core of everything truly successful leaders do. Of these, it is the charge of constructively confronting conflict that the next leader of the House will need to demonstrate the most. Only then, can we expect the necessary change that will bring the Republican Party back to health.

That will require a leader who is aware of his emotions and behavior, and can demonstrate the ability to listen to the members of the Party and articulate an inclusive and shared vision. Rather than to be demanding and combative in wanting to realize their own agenda, they must be able to clearly communicate an intention and desire to work collaboratively and build trusting relationships. This will further require them to intentionally inquire and effectively listen to the expectations of not just their peers.

To be successful, the next Majority Leader of the House will need listen to their voters much more. Not for the sake of creating a rebuttal or finding the next chess move to make. Rather, to truly listen to what the people of their party are wanting for their future. And what they want from them as leaders.

This will demand a great deal of self-knowledge and emotional maturity. For in the end, as we all know, it is about trusted relationships. The next leader of the House will need to relentlessly focus on this simple truth.

Recently, when asked about Paul Ryan as the potential next speaker, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich was quoted in the Washington Post as saying that if Ryan does decide to seek the speakers gavel, he will learn quickly  and encounter early problems. Itll take him about six weeks to go from being a policy guy to a process guy and hell be very good at it. But its a different world with a different set of rules. Thats what he has to think through: Is that really a world he wants to be in the middle of? Is he willing to endure the scarring?

Gingrichs words not only remind us of the level of dysfunction that has resulted in a current condition that offers little room for a leader to succeed. He also reminds us that paying attention to the building trusting relationships is not currently front and center on the radar screen. And it needs to be. As much as people create and use processes, they only work as well as the relationships that make them, and the success that follows, come to life.

The next Majority Leader will need to focus on building the trusting relationships needed to create a shared vision and engage all the members of the Republican Party. He or she will need to listen to create the changes in the party and the nation that the public expects. To do so, they will need to understand their own relationship to conflict and choose the behaviors necessary to constructively confront it. This is truly the Holy Grail of leadership and lies at the core of the success of the Republican Party.

Show me a leader that does not confront conflict, and Ill show you the biggest elephant in the room.

At this critical moment in the history of the Republican Party, the next Speaker of the House simply cannot afford to become the biggest elephant.

Edgar Papke is a leadership psychologist, coach, author, and award-winning speaker. He recently authored The Elephant In The Boardroom: How Leaders Use and Manage Conflict to Reach Greater Levels of Success (Career Press, 2015).A medical study purports to show the lives of people who received artificial knees have made incredible recoveries.

FOX News Radios Eben Brown reports:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

A study by a group of Danish Physicians now appearing in the New England Journal of Medicine found that a year after receiving knee replacement surgeries patients conditions, like arthritis, improved more than those who sought other treatments, like medication or physical therapy.

But the survey also revealed surgical patients endured a heavy amount of post-operative complications, including infections and deep vein thrombosis.

More than 670,000 knee replacement surgeries are performed each year in the U.S. alone.

Eben Brown, FOX News Radio.A man suspected of stealing a San Francisco police car led authorities on a dangerous chase across city streets onto Treasure Island, and was arrested on the Bay Bridge Saturday by an officer who jumped from the upper to the lower deck to catch him.

The pursuit around 8:15 a.m. when officers approached a man suspected of carrying a knife in the Marina district, police said in a statement.

He ran away and managed to take off in their patrol car.

Police said the suspect got into several hit-and-run collisions as he sped through city streets. The chase led to Treasure Island, where officers tried to block the entrance to the artificial island from the Bay Bridge, but the suspect drove around the barricades. Two officers fired shots at the patrol car after the suspect accelerated onto the sidewalk.

No one was struck by the officers' gunfire.

The suspect returned to the bridge, where he abandoned the vehicle getting into another wreck. He jumped from the upper to the lower deck and tried to carjack another vehicle before he was stopped by an officer.

The officer leaped 30 to 40 feet down to the lower level to catch the suspect, police said.

That officer and another officer who tried to stop the suspect from stealing the patrol car were taken to the hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injuries, police said.

The suspect, whose name has not been released, and a motorist were also taken to the hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injuries.

The incident shut down two ramps leading to and from Treasure Island and a lane of Interstate 80, clogging traffic on the Bay Bridge linking Oakland and San Francisco.Dont worry conservative educators, only liberals would be targeted by Ben Carson.

Ben Carson repeated his plan to have the federal government monitor college campuses for extreme bias, explaining that he would have very strict guidelines that would ensure that his plan wouldnt hurt conservatives.

What I would do is I would solicit examples of extreme bias and I would use those as the basis for helping to determine which places need to have their federal funding cut, he said.

As an the example, Carson cited the story of a Florida college professor who supposedly told students to stomp on a piece of paper with the word Jesus written on it

In reality, the professor, a very religious Sunday school teacher, was using a lesson on the importance of symbols included in a textbook written by an instructor at a Christian college and reported a student who physically threatened him after the exercise.

Loesch agreed with Carsons accusations of liberal bias on college campuses, but said, There are some who would say that its kind of like monitoring political speech. Do you agree with their assessment of that?

No, I dont, I think its a very big difference, Carson responded. But, of course, that would be the first thing that the left would claim because they want to be able to continue to do this. And its not appropriate for public funding to be used to indoctrinate students in one direction.Joey and Rory Feek are asking their fans for their continued prayers after receiving devastating news.

Joey has been battling cancer for the second time, and recently underwent extensive surgery and a brutal round of chemotherapy. But on Friday morning, Rory revealed via his blog, This Life I Live, that theres nothing more for medicine to do.

Sometimes there just arent enough surgeries  or doctors  or chemotherapies  or prayers. And you have to wipe the tears from your cheeks and say the words that you were hoping to never have to say  he writes.

Enough.

Joey underwent a CT scan last Thursday in preparation for another round of chemotherapy, and thats when the couple received the news theyd been hoping not to have to face. Two tumors in areas that have already received extensive radiation and chemo have already returned, and more tumors are visible throughout the abdominal region. Joeys cancer is spreading aggressively despite the punishing treatments shes received.

So we did what you do when the medicine isnt working, and the doctors are at a lossand when the statistics' say you can do more chemo, but it will only buy you a little time Joey says. We came home. Not to die. But to live.

When doctors gave the couple an estimate of how much time they think Joey may have, Rory adds, they looked at the calendar in their kitchen, and then he took it off the wall and threw it away. So we dont have forever. Weve got right now. And thats enough, he states.

The couple have stayed strong in their Christian faith throughout their ordeal, but Rory admits that they are heartbroken and scared.

Im not going to tell you that Im okay with this because God has a bigger plan. Or that well understand His bigger purpose somewhere down the line. That logic doesnt really work for me right now, he writes. Im not angry at God. Im not angry with anyone. Im just disappointed  Its hard for me to feel slighted, when I know that the career that Joey and I have had  this amazing last 7 years or so  has only been, because God reached out His powerful hand and chose us. He lifted us up from our little farm. and let us see and do things beyond our wildest dreams. And you cant be in awe of an amazing road that God leads you down, and then be any less in awe of a corner that He has you turn.

The couple are bravely facing whatever may come next, and theyre asking fans to be with them as they move forward.

One of the mantras that I always try to live by is to have incredibly high hopes, but low expectations, So, even though we know weve reached the end of what medicine can do  and while we prepare for what God has put in front of us Joey and I will continue to pray for a miracle, Rory writes. We ask for your prayers too. For a miracle. And even more so, for peace with His decision.

That is enough.

Joey + Rory say 'enough' after cancer treatments failAs Hurricane Patricia, the strongest storm in recorded history, barrels toward southwestern Mexico and the resort town of Puerto Vallarta, it's yet another reminder that although coastal living can be awfully appealing, it comes with considerable risks.

Still, the unique culture of beach towns has an almost magical appeal. So when you weigh that against the risk of hurricane damage, how can you decide whether it's worth it? Here are some questions to ask to help you figure that out:

1. How much will insurance cost?

Regardless of whether a hurricane hits, you'll need to pay for hurricane insurance. And rates really do run the gamut: In 2012, Florida had the highest average premiums, $2,084 per year, while Idaho had the lowest, $538, according to the Insurance Information Institute (III). So before you even start house hunting, meet with an insurance agent. It might feel like you're doing things backward, but an insurance agent can give you a rough estimate of what you can expect to pay each year.

2. Should I buy on the beach, or a few blocks in?

Where you decide to buy can make a difference in your premiums and risk, even if you choose a property just a few miles inland. It all comes down to flood hazard areas defined by the National Flood Insurance Program's Flood Insurance Rate Map. The highest risk areas are marked as Special Flood Hazard Areas and have at least a 1 in 4 chance of flooding during a 30-year mortgage.

And remember, you don't have to be near the water to be in a flood hazard area, as communities in central Texas and Oklahoma learned this spring. So when you're house hunting, consider where each house falls on the map, but also check its flood-zone designation.

3. What type of house should I get?

The type of house you buy can also make a difference, because some are designed specifically to withstand hurricanes. The home may have a dome shape that reduces wind damage, for example, or rest on stilts to escape flooding. These homes may also get a better rating from your insurance provider (translation: lower payments).

So make sure to ask your agent to show you any homes specifically designed to battle the wind and water -- or if you'd rather have a traditional house, hire a good inspector to give you a realistic view of the building's hurricane resistance before you make an offer.

"If a house is built to code and to withstand a strong storm or hurricane, it can help lower insurance costs," says Jeanne Salvatore, chief communications officer for the III. If the home isn't up to code, it may make sense to steer clear or bring in a contractor for some improvements, but be sure to crunch the numbers before you commit. If the insurance savings aren't bigger than the cost to remodel, it's probably not worth it.

4. If damage does happen, what's my deductible?

"Hurricanes are covered in a homeowners policy, no matter where you live," says Loretta Worters, vice president of communication for III. That makes sense, after all, since hurricanes are still basically wind and rain -- just more of it. But policies differ on your financial responsibility if you have to file a hurricane-related claim.

Most insurance companies tack on a hurricane deductible for homeowners in potential danger zones. And unlike regular homeowners insurance, you'll have to pay this additional deductible if you file a claim.

"It is expressed as a percentage of the amount of insurance you have on the house, generally 2% to 5%," says Salvatore.

Bottom line: You may not be able to get out of a hurricane deductible altogether, but you can save some cash by shopping around. The cost can vary among insurance companies, so get at least three estimates before you decide on a carrier.

5. Do I need flood insurance, too?

Regular homeowners insurance isn't all you need if you live in a coastal region. Typically, homeowners insurance covers damage related to the high-powered winds of hurricanes and tropical storms. But it does not cover the other major problem: flooding.

To keep yourself protected, you'll need a flood policy. Issued by the National Flood Insurance Program, a policy will cover the damage to your property if the heavy rains or toppled levees causes flooding in your home. Ask your insurance agent to go over the policy carefully and explain any concepts you don't understand. If you're not fully covered by flood, you may regret it later.The Vatican denied a report that was released on Wednesday in an Italian newspaper that Pope Francis has a small, curable brain tumor, saying he is in good health and that his head is "absolutely perfect."

The Vatican spokesman, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, said the report Wednesday in the National Daily was "completely unfounded and seriously irresponsible and not worthy of attention."

Citing unnamed nursing sources, the National Daily said the 78-year-old pope had traveled by helicopter to the San Rossore di Barbaricina clinic near Pisa in recent months to see a Japanese brain cancer specialist, Dr. Takanori Fukishima. The newspaper said the doctor determined that the small dark spot on Francis' brain could be treated without surgery.

In subsequent versions, the paper reported that Fukishima had instead come to the Vatican to see the pope in a Vatican helicopter. The ANSA news agency, citing unnamed sources in Pisa, said the trip was in January and that Fukishima had traveled by helicopter to the Vatican to diagnose the pope.

Lombardi categorically denied the reports to reporters Wednesday, and said he was doing so after having spoken to the pope himself about them. He said no Japanese doctor had visited the pope, no tests of the type described in the paper had been performed and that no helicopters had landed in the Vatican from the outside.

"I can confirm that the pope is in good health," Lombardi said. "If you were in the piazza this morning you would have seen that as well. And if you go on the trips with him, you know he has a small problem with his legs, but his head is absolutely perfect."

The newspaper's editor, Andrea Cangini, said it stood by its story. Subsequent versions of the report said Fukushima had traveled to the Vatican by helicopter and was seen returning to the Pisa clinic in the Vatican's chopper.

The hospital's director didn't respond immediately to a request for comment.

Cangini said the paper had deliberated a long time before publishing the news, which it said it had confirmed months ago.

The publication, however, comes at a delicate time for Francis, in the final days of his hotly contested synod on the family, which has shown a split among conservative and liberal bishops over how to convey the church's teachings on marriage, sex, homosexuality and other issues.

Several conservative bishops and cardinals have complained that the synod, which Francis called, is creating confusion and "anxiety" about the church's teachings.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramHow do you define a man who defies description? He is one of the most influential people in the world. He has spoken at the United Nations and the World Economic Forum. Hes impacted millions of lives through his transformational and yoga programs. Hes the author of over 100 books, he is in the Guinness Book of Records for planting 800,000 trees in 3 days and he is known to add cobra venom to his milk! Vipps dilemma is to try and decipher what this man is all about!

Take a listen below:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.Southern California digs out from mudslides

A section of Southern California found itself waist-deep in mud as the weekend arrived, and a highway overtaken by flowing debris looked like a buried junkyard of hundreds of cars that would likely take days to dig up. The worst of the thunderstorms had passed, but the continued chance of rain could dampen cleanup and relief efforts in northern Los Angeles County's Antelope Valley, where the most serious slides occurred. -Associated PressThe bunnies have spoken: The Playboy mansion is falling apart. That's right, the Beverly Hills estate once as famed for its unique disco-era brand of decadent, overstuffed opulence as for its lavish parties hosted by Hugh Hefner has seen significantly better days.

That's according to Carla Howe, a 25-year-old Playboy Bunny who confessed to The Sun that she was less than impressed by the now 89-year-old's digs: a sprawling 14,217-square-foot, Gothic-style, seven-bedroom, eight-bathroom home in the exclusive Holmby Hills area with a game room, tennis courts, zoo, pool, and infamous grotto (complete with -- yes -- waterproof mattresses!).

All of which seemed spectacular once upon a time, but these days seem, well, a bit musty.

Hef "refuses to change anything in the mansion, and the whole place feels like it's stuck in the 1980s," Howe said.

The mansion isn't the only thing from Playboy's glory days that's now pass. Last week, Playboy Enterprises announced that it would be ditching its cutting-edge naked Girls of the PAC 10 magazine franchise, along with all of the other nude pics, starting with the March issue.

But while the publication is making at least token efforts to morph with the times, Hef's home remains a living time capsule of a bygone era. And he likes it that way!

Not everyone is so enthusiastic. In 2009, Bunny Izabella St. James, who met Hef in 2002, published "Bunny Tales," a tell-all about the dilapidated state of the randy octogenarian's home.

"Everything in the Mansion felt old and stale," St. James wrote. "And Archie the house dog would regularly relieve himself on the hallway curtains, adding a powerful whiff of urine to the general scent of decay." Nice!

It seems like a few small but key changes could give the crumbling icon (the mansion, that is) some new life. Hey, Hef, here are a few (DIY?) home improvement suggestions:

The game room

These days, the Bunnies say, Hef prefers to play chess, a quiet game requiring intense concentration. So maybe it's time to clear out all the noisy 1980s coin-operated arcade games such as Ms. Pac-Man and Frogger (um, Frogger?) and the half-dozen or so Playboy-licensed pinball machines. Instead, turn the place into a den of solitude. Or at least a quiet, well-appointed study reflective of a man of taste and means. Add some comfy chairs, shelves of first-edition books, and antique chessboards. Perhaps toss in some backgammon boards, too. Because you love backgammon!

-- -- --

The grotto

This world-famous swimming cave once packed with bikini-less Bunnies is now a sad, often empty reminder of steamy high jinks from days past (grotto groping is so '70s). So why not revamp the place as a holistic health center, where Hef and some of his similarly elderly best buds can ease the damage of decades of debauched living with relaxing dips in the whirlpool, followed by a hot stone massage and some herbal therapy.

-- -- --

The zoo

Zoos are so un-P.C. these days. And private zoos? Downright archaic. So Hef should let the cockatoos, peacocks, and squirrel monkeys run free -- better yet, find them a proper sanctuary far from Beverly Hills. Ditch the cages altogether, and give the area over to some schnauzers!

While it's kind of sad to see the Playboy mansion in decline, we think this former party central still has tons of potential. At the very least, Hef, change out those curtains.Its the big one at the Big One Talladega, as eleven drivers race for seven spots to see who will advance to the third round of The Chase.

FOX News Radios Kirstin McNary gives you the lowdown in this weeks FOX in the Fast Lane:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

FOX in the Fast Lane.

The Chase field will be down to eight after this weekends race at Talladega Superspeedway.

Dale Earnhardt Jr. is part of a group of four drivers who need to win if they want to advance, and Junior knows he may not control his fate despite a history of success at Talladega.

(Earnhardt Jr.) Run hard. Not going to be worried about it. Its either going to work out or its not. And if its our turn to make it through and get to the next round we will. Were going to run hard and try to do the job were supposed to do.

Stewart-Haas driver Kurt Busch appears to have his slot secured to the next round, but hes not taking anything for granted.

(Busch) Last year we we didnt make it out of the first round. And so you hope that youve got two good finishes to rely on and that you can absorb a bump and a scrape in Talladega and still advance.

And more good news for Busch, as SHR signed their star driver to a contract extension and announced that Monster Energy will be his new primary sponsor starting next week in Martinsville.

FOX in the Fast Lane, Im Kirstin McNary, FOX News Radio.

Click HERE for more FOX in the Fast LaneMy young children know my mom as their sweet grandmother with a touch of Alzheimers and limited mobility due to a stroke.

They dont know her as a Holocaust escapee who went on a five-nation odyssey, including being smuggled from occupied France into Spain in a hay wagon when she was just 4 years old.

They will one day, because a writer from my company sat down with her, interviewed her at length, and turned her recollections from those years (still sharp, by the way), along with family photos and documents from the 1940s into a hardcover memoir.

Every family has great stories to tell, but what happens if those stories arent preserved?

Scores of family memoirs have now been published, including the life story of a 95-year-old man who saw cars come in, and almost a century later witnessed the rise of the Internet. How can any family create a book that captures family memories without headaches, hassles, or revisiting upsetting family drama?

A workshop I teach is called Preserving Your Familys Legacy: Creating and Publishing the Family Memoir (Without Driving Your Family Crazy or to Court). Here are some standout points that would benefit every family:

1. You dont have to cover an entire life. Instead, pick out one very powerful time in a persons life. Coming to America, wartime experiences, or starting a family business  these are all strong options. As in my moms case, there may be a period of years that deserves full attention. That way, you dont have to get into periods of time involving divorce or other family drama that no one wants to relive.

2. The first draft is often for therapy. Sometimes there is psychological release from writing the story exactly as it happened. But then we need to step back and ask: If the book were published in this manner, would peoples feelings be hurt? Do we really need to bring up the story about Aunt Fannie now that shes been gone more than 30 years? Once we see the memories on paper, we realize that not all of them need to see the light of day. Be discerning.

3. Documents are just as powerful as photos, as are illustrations. If you still have your parents immigration documents  especially if they include photos  those are fabulous illustrations for books. Dont overlook them!

4. Hire an interviewer. Should you have an outsider (a grad student from a nearby university, lets say) do the interviewing? Yes. Sometimes its easier to open up to a stranger; people often feel less judged. Using a professional interviewer-writer is just easier.

5. Private citizens have rights of privacy. If you think there are any issues that might lead to lawsuits, have your book vetted by a competent lawyer who specializes in such issues (not your brother-in-law who does wills). Then ask yourself some hard questions about motives. Preserving a family legacy is a great thing. Digging up bones is not.

6. Save money. The simplest, least expensive way to get the book done is to use Amazons CreateSpace.com print-on-demand option, along with 99Designs.com, to get a beautiful cover done for a small amount of money.

7. Know the truth about copyright. Its simple to obtain, at www.loc.gov, the website of the Library of Congress. Dont let someone charge you $200-plus for a service that takes about five minutes and $35.

8. Use the 80 percent solution. Theres no such thing as a perfect book. At some point, rewriting and rewriting doesnt make the book better. It can lose its original tone and turn to mush. Great art isnt completed  its abandoned, as the saying goes.

9. Remember its not just a book. Its a legacy. This is your chance to pass not just financial resources to succeeding generations but a legacy of values, memory, and family connections. The time to act is now, while loved ones are alive and memories are fresh.

Michael Levin is founder and CEO of Business Ghost Inc.

More from Lifezette.com:

QUIZ: Can You Pass 5th Grade Geography?

Halloween for All Kids: That teal pumpkin signals the sweetest treat alternatives

Kids Rooms Revamped: Give your children's space a makeover on the cheap

QUIZ: What Kind of Mother-in-Law Are You?The tiny Pacific island nation of Palau has announced plans to create one of the worlds largest marine reserves, becoming the latest country to bolster protection of its ocean resources from threats like illegal fishing.

Often cited as an underwater wonder of the world, the ocean that surrounds Palau is home to more than 1,300 species of fish and 700 species of coral. Legislation, approved this week by the Palau Congress, designates 80 percent of the nations maritime territory as a fully protected. No extractive activities, such as fishing or mining, can take place in the sanctuary that encompasses about 193,000 square miles, or an area slightly larger than California.

Related Image Expand / Contract Moray Eel ((Credit:Richard Brooks, The Pew Charitable Trusts))

Related: Obama aims to create world's largest ocean preserve

Today is a historic day for Palau, proving that a small island nation can have a big impact on the ocean, President Tommy E. Remengesau Jr. said in a statement. Creating this sanctuary is a bold move that the people of Palau recognize as essential to our survival. We want to lead the way in restoring the health of the ocean for future generations.

The protections will be ramped up over the next five years in what is Palaus exclusive economic zone, during which the number of licenses sold to foreign commercial vessels will be decreased annually.

Related Image Expand / Contract Yellowtail Fusilier ((Credit: Richard Brooks, The Pew Charitable Trusts))

"In its 20-year history as an independent nation, Palau has developed a remarkable conservation legacy, including creation of the worlds first shark sanctuary in 2009, said Joshua S. Reichert, who leads environment initiatives at The Pew Charitable Trusts. Palaus decision is an acknowledgment of the intensely close relationship between the Palauan people and the ocean that surrounds them, a relationship often expressed as Palau is ocean and ocean is Palau. 

Palau joins a growing list of countries that have created massive marine parks covering nearly a million square miles this year, over concerns about the health of the oceans.

Related: New marine sanctuaries in U.S., Chile to be declared in 'Our Ocean' conference

Related Image Expand / Contract Shark ((Richard Brooks, The Pew Charitable Trusts))

In March, the British government announced its intention to establish the Pitcairn Islands Marine Reserve covering an area of 322,138-square-miles in the South Pacific. Then in September, New Zealand Prime Minister John Key announced plans for a fully protected ocean sanctuary in the Kermadecs, about 620 miles northeast of his countrys North Island. A month later at an international ocean conference, Chile announced plans to create a 243,630-square-mile marine reserve around Easter Island.The Pastor and close friend of Master Sgt. Joshua L. Wheeler, the first American soldier killed by ISIS, says hes not surprised he died trying to protect his men.

On Fridays, Pastor Shannon Arnold called the Tom Sullivan show to discuss the passing of his friend and let America know what kind of man he was.

He was a patriotic man. He loved this nation. He loved God, Pastor Wheeler told Tom. It was my honor to know Josh.

Pastor Arnold also described Master Sgt. Wheeler as a man who loved his three sons and always looked out for his fellow soldiers.

It wasnt a surprise that Wheeler went on the attack to help those around him.

Josh loved the guys he was with. He was about his men Pastor Arnold told Tom.

The Pastor also briefly went after the Obama Administration, complaining that theyre not being transparent enough about the type of work soldiers like Master Sgt. Joshua L. Wheeler are doing.

LISTEN HERE AS PASTOR SHANNON ARNOLD HONORS HIS GOOD FRIEND MASTER SGT. JOSHUA L. WHEELER

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.Theoretical physicist and Democrat voter Freeman Dyson has expressed his disappointment with President Obamas stance on climate change.

It's very sad that in this country, political opinion parted [people's views on climate change], he said, in an interview with The Register. I'm 100 percent Democrat myself, and I like Obama. But he took the wrong side on this issue, and the Republicans took the right side.

Now retired, Dyson was a professor of physics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton between 1953 and 1994. Famed for his work in quantum electrodynamics and nuclear engineering, Dyson also worked on climate studies during his career.

Related: Scientist who urged government to sue climate skeptics gets millions from taxpayers

Climate change, according to Freeman, is not a scientific mystery but a human mystery. How does it happen that a whole generation of scientific experts is blind to obvious facts?"

The physicist and mathematician argues that pollution caused by fossil fuels has been conflated with climate change. Coal is very unpleasant stuff, and there are problems with coal quite apart from climate, he said. Pollution is quite separate to the climate problem: one can be solved, and the other cannot, and the public doesn't understand that.

During his interview with The Register Dyson noted shortcomings in climate models. What has happened in the past 10 years is that the discrepancies between what's observed and what's predicted have become much stronger, he said. It's clear now the models are wrong, but it wasn't so clear 10 years ago. I can't say if they'll always be wrong, but the observations are improving and so the models are becoming more verifiable.

Dyson also wrote a strong foreword to a report published Monday by The Global Warming Policy Foundation, which calls for a reassessment of carbon dioxide. To any unprejudiced person reading this account, the facts should be obvious: that the non-climatic effects of carbon dioxide as a sustainer of wildlife and crop plants are enormously beneficial, that the possibly harmful climatic effects of carbon dioxide have been greatly exaggerated, and that the benefits clearly outweigh the possible damage, he wrote.In the ruins of a Roman city in southern Turkey, archaeologists have discovered a marble head of Medusa, somehow spared during an early Christian campaign against pagan art.

The head was unearthed at Antiochia ad Cragum, a city founded during the first century, around the rule of Emperor Nero, that has all the marks of a Roman outpost bathhouses, shops, colonnaded streets, mosaics and a local council house.

With serpents for hair, wide eyes and an open mouth, Medusa was a mythical monster who could turn a person to stone with her gaze. At Antiochia, a Medusa architectural sculpture would have served an apotropaic function, intended to avert evil but later, her likeness would have been considered idolatrous by the Christians who came to live at the site.

"The people living at Antiochia later were zealous Christians who were destroying art in much the same way that ISIS is destroying remnants of the ancient past," Michael Hoff, a University of NebraskaLincoln art historian and director of the excavations, told Live Science. "These things were meant to be destroyed and put into a lime kiln to be burned and turned into mortar." [See Photos of the Medusa Head and Ancient Antiochia Site]

Antiochia, which covers more than 7 acres (3 hectares), is located on the sparsely populated outskirts of the town ofGazipa?, atop craggy cliffs in an area that is today dominated by wheat fields. Little is known about the city from ancient sources, and though the archaeological site had been identified in the early 19th century, it had never been given much attention by scholars until recently, Hoff said.

"The fact that it's somewhat of an unknown city makes it fascinating for us as archaeologists," he added. The evidence Hoff and his colleagues have dug up so far suggests Antiochia might have actually been an economic player during the Roman Empire, a center for the trade and production of wine, agriculture and glass.

"The result of all this economic activity is a pretty high degree of cultural output," Hoff said. In 2012, they discovered an enormous poolside mosaic covering 1,600 square feet with intricate geometric patterns. They also found the marble head of an Aphrodite sculpture in 2013.

Much of the Roman artwork from the site has been lost. Sometime after Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire in the fourth century, several churches were built at Antiochia. Hoff said his team has found lots of broken sculptural parts and bits of statues that had smashed into pieces; they've also found evidence of the Christian kilns where the marble artwork would become mortar.

A group of Turkish students discovered the Medusa head near the foundations of a building that may have been a small temple. Hoff and his colleagues have reconstructed the head and other marble fragments found nearby, showing that Medusa's head was not part of a freestanding statue, but rather it would have been incorporated into the pediment of the building.

When the team returns to the site next year, they plan to further excavate the city's bouleuterion, the seat of the local legislature that may have doubled as a music hall or theater. Hoff said they also plan to investigate the rows of shops that line a Roman street to find out what was being sold in the marketplace.

Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.After a long day, you may feel the need to bend or twist your body until you hear that relieving "pop" sound in your joints. But is the old wives tale about cracking our joints true? Could you be causing serious damage?

We got this question from a viewer:

Dear Dr. Manny,

I know people say cracking your knuckles is bad for you, but what about your back? It feels great to crack my back but is it just as bad?

Thanks,

Brian

Technically, cracking your back isn't bad for you, but routinely cracking your back is a different story.

Cracking or self-adjusting any joint within the body is bad for you if it is done in a habitual manner, Dr. Christopher Anselmi, a Chiropractor at Hospital for Special Surgerys Integrative Care Center in New York City told FoxNews.com. These joints are composed of ligaments, tendons and other soft tissue structures which can wear out over time. Any undue placed on these joints can lead to premature breakdown.

Although the cracking or popping noise you hear may sound alarming, it doesnt mean anything is breaking. Our joints contain fluid and gases like nitrogen and carbon dioxide. When the liquid is put under pressure and force is applied to the joint, the gas exits and creates a "pop-like" sound.

If youre cracking your back to alleviate tension, Anselmi suggests easy stretches.

A simple way to stretch a tight back is to get into the shower and stretch your back out gently. After roughly 5 minutes [of showering], flex forward extend backwards, and bend from side to side. Make sure not to bounce or over-do it, Anselmi said.

Cracking your back may not cause any major damage to your bones and joints, but if you constantly feel the need to do do, you should see a back specialist to determine if you have any underlying conditions.

If your back pain persists a chiropractor is an excellent choice as a first line of defense for back pain, Anselmi said. When a professional manipulates the spine or any joint in the body it is performed in a controlled manner and followed by specific exercises or stretches. This approach ensures attention is given to both the joint and its surrounding tissues.



Do you have a health question for Dr. Manny? Please send it to DrManny@FoxNews.com.Russia has sent a few dozen special-operations troops to Syria in recent weeks, Russian and Western officials say, redeploying the elite units from Ukraine as the Kremlin shifts its focus to supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.

Russia in late September launched a campaign of airstrikes in support of Mr. Assads government, and President Vladimir Putin has said Russian troops won't play a role in ground combat. But Russian military experts and officials say small numbers of special-forces unitswhose missions are rarely acknowledged publiclyare also on the ground in Syria.

The special forces were pulled out of Ukraine and sent to Syria, a Russian Ministry of Defense official said, adding that they had been serving in territories in eastern Ukraine held by pro-Russia rebels. The official described them as akin to a Delta Force, the U.S. Armys elite counterterrorism unit.

A senior Western official also said a contingent of elite Russian forces was on the ground in Syria from eastern Ukraine. A U.S. defense official said one of their roles is to provide coordination between Syrian troops and Russian aircraft conducting airstrikes in support of the regimes ground offensive.

Russias Defense Ministry declined to comment on the claims. It has said that some of its military specialists are helping to advise and train Syrian government forces on the Russian-made hardware they are getting.

The Russian ministry official said the assets sent to Syria in recent weeks include the Zaslon unit, trained to protect diplomatic assets and personnel. Nearly two dozen Russian military-intelligence officers are also on site to liaise with Mr. Assads military intelligence, the official said.

Robert Lee, a visiting scholar at Moscow-based defense industry think tank CAST, said boots on the ground could also improve the accuracy of airstrikes. The use of forward ground troops to draw fire from enemy positions makes the use of air power much more effective, he said.

Moscow has a long-standing military relationship with Damascus, and some Russian special forces were present in Syria even before the air campaign began Sept. 30. Those were concentrated near Tartus where Russia has a naval installation.

Click for more from The Wall Street Journal.JOHANNESBURG (AP) Tokyo Sexwale (sesh-WAH'-lay), a South African businessman and former political prisoner who fought against apartheid, says he intends to be a candidate in the FIFA presidential election.

Sexwale announced his intention to run Saturday, two days ahead of the deadline for candidates to submit papers for the Feb. 26 emergency election to replace Sepp Blatter.

Four other men have already submitted their papers: UEFA President Michel Platini, whose chances appear to have been thwarted by an ethics investigation, Prince Ali bin al-Hussein of Jordan, ex-FIFA official Jerome Champagne and David Nakhid of Trinidad and Tobago.

Sexwale was imprisoned on Robben Island alongside Nelson Mandela during apartheid. He later served as a South African cabinet minister and is currently a FIFA anti-racism adviser. The 62-year-old Sexwale is also a multi-millionaire businessman.PISCATAWAY, N.J. -- J.T. Barrett threw three touchdown passes and ran for two scores in his first start of the season, leading No. 1 Ohio State to a 49-7 victory against Rutgers on Saturday night and ensuring at least two weeks of quarterback stability for the Buckeyes.

Ohio State (8-0, 4-0 Big Ten) extended its winning streak to 21 games, best in the nation, and heads into its off week with no doubt who the starting QB will be when Minnesota comes to Columbus on Nov. 7.

It will be a nice change for coach Urban Meyer, who started Cardale Jones in the first seven games of the season before making the switch to Barrett this week. Facing one of the worst defenses in the Big Ten, Barrett was near flawless. He was 14 for 18 for 223 yards and ran for 101 yards on 13 carries. Jones entered in the fourth quarter when the score was 49-0.

Rutgers (3-4, 1-3) missed a short field goal on its first possession and didn't get past the Ohio State 40 again until late in the fourth quarter.

The next phase of Ohio State's long-running quarterback soap opera had Barrett as the leading man for the Buckeyes. Meyer made the expected switch this week after the Big Ten player of the year had lost a preseason competition to Jones, who led the Buckeyes to the national championship after Barrett broke his ankle against Michigan last year.

Jones was inconsistent as a starter, but not until the last two games when Barrett accounted for seven touchdowns in relief did he really make a case to reclaim the job.

Barrett gives the Buckeyes more of a running threat and a better ball-handler on their zone-read plays. He scooted 39 yards with a keeper on his first carry of the game and several times had Rutgers defenders grabbing at Buckeyes who did not have the ball.

Ohio State was run-heavy much of the first half, keeping it on the ground on 16 of its first 20 plays.

Barrett doesn't have the powerful arm that Jones brings to the offense, but he is no liability in the passing game. When the Buckeyes did open it up, they found some big plays against Rutgers' injury depleted secondary. Barrett hooked up with Michael Thomas on short throw that turned into a 50-yard touchdown to make it 14-0 in the second quarter.

Barrett was a little short on a deep sideline throw to Braxton Miller, but the quarterback-turned receiver made a juggling 45-yard grab. A couple plays later, Barrett scooted in from a yard and it was 21-0.

The deep ball looked better from Barrett next time. He found Curtis Samuel, who grew up in nearby Brooklyn, in the end zone for a 30-yard TD to make it 28-0 less than two minutes into the second half.

The Buckeyes' first trip to Rutgers drew a sellout crowd of 53,111 at High Point Solutions Stadium, and their scarlet-clad fans blended in nicely with the Rutgers fans -- until a corner of the stadium broke into an "O-H! I-O!" chant. By the end, they were pretty much the only ones left.

Barrett made it 35-0 with his second touchdown run and a 1-yard touch-pass to Jalin Marshall made it 42-0 with 4:34 left in the third quarter.

It was the first time since 2002 the Scarlet Knights hosted the No. 1 team in the country and the first time as a member of the Big Ten. The prime time, nationally televised game was exactly what Rutgers hoped for when it joined the Big Ten a couple years ago. The move has no doubt been good for the bottom line, but on the football field the Scarlet Knights are still running a deficit against the Big Ten's best.

Ohio State has outscored Rutgers 105-24 the past two seasons.In an era of holier than thou chefs who preach the gospel of no substitutions, Franklin Becker stands up for the customer.

Anybody that is a chef and claims to be higher than thou, is not a chef, Becker told FoxNews.com. Our job is to be servants to our guests. If our guest wants a well-done steak, you serve a well-done steak because guess what? Theyre paying for it.

Im not necessarily saying that gluten is the devil to everyone but its certainly the devil to enough people out there that it was a logical choice to make The Little Beet gluten free." - Franklin Becker

While not all chefs would agree, Becker's ready-to-please attitude is translating into a burgeoning business catering to the growing clientele of health-conscious consumers.

Born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, Becker started cooking as a child, securing work in a professional kitchen when he was just 14 years old. After college, he continued to pursue a culinary education, graduating from The Culinary Institute of America. Becker hit the ground running ,working his way through the hyper-completive New York City restaurant scene working as a private chef, at the restaurants for the Grand Hotel group, and eventually EMM Groups popular Meatpacking neighborhood eateries CATCH and Abe & Arthurs.

But as Becker was working his way up the culinary food chain, a surprising diagnosis threatened to halt his career.

When I was diagnosed with diabetes I was 27 years old and I was really just starting to turn the corner in my career. I was terrified, Becker said.

Related Image Expand / Contract

But instead of letting a potentially debilitating disease derail his career, Becker used it as an inspiration for developing his personal style of cuisine.

In 2013, Becker opened the first The Little Beet in Manhattan. Like Chipotle, the fast-casual eatery concept allows diners to pick and choose from a selection of proteins, sides like charred kale and quinoa, and more. His goal isn't to try and convert anyone, just to serve food people like, which is reflected his motto: "100% guiltin free". And take it from us, everything we tried was delicious -- and all 100 percent gluten free.

Im not necessarily saying that gluten is the devil to everyone but its certainly the devil to enough people out there that it was a logical choice to make The Little Beet gluten free," he said.

Becker now has seven new East Coast locations of The Little Beet in the works for this year. Last fall, the busy chef opened a sit-down version of his gluten free conceptThe Little Beet Table. Everything is still 100% guiltin free, including the cocktails and desserts.

Related Image Expand / Contract A selection of mains and sides at The Little Beet, Midtown. (Daniel Krieger Photography)

Becker isnt trying to overtly convert fast food lovers. But he hopes that by serving delicious food made with a few substitutes people will recognize that healthy eating doesnt necessarily mean sacrificing taste, texture, or tried and true favorites.

In addition to simplifying his dishes, Becker emphasizes fats from avocados and fish, and only serves grass-fed, antibiotic-free meats. One of the most ordered items on the menu is a mushroom flatbread. Hes also testing out a rich, dairy-free chocolate pudding that was one of the best things our crew had ever tasted.

If you come here to dine and you happen to have celiacs than you can eat the whole menu and dont have to worry, said Becker. But if you come here and dine and you dont have celiacs you can eat the whole menu and leave here saying wow that was a great meal.A Florida woman was fatally struck by a big rig truck Friday and for hours afterward her dog remained at the scene, lying down in the road where the accident happened.

Deputies found the victim dead in the street around 6:15 a.m. near a Jacksonville gas station, ActionNewsJax reported. The family identified her as Kelly Black, 42, and told the Fox affiliate she was walking her dog Paco at the time.

Paco, who was uninjured, stayed with Black after she was hit. He remained there, lying in the road with a red bandana around his neck, long after her body had been removed, the station reported.

The station reported that Blacks family took the dog home. The family said the pair were inseparable.

Related Image Expand / Contract Photo shows accident victim Kelly Black (ActionNewsJax)

The operator of the semi-truck was pulling out of the gas station when he apparently struck Black and dragged her more than 30 feet.

The trucker may not have known he hit someone, the Jacksonville Sheriffs Office told Action News.

I dont see how someone could hit her here and drag her all the way out to Beaver Street and not have known it, the victims father G.C. Bostick told the station through tears. I just dont know how Im going to tell her mamma.

Deputies downloaded surveillance video from the gas station and were looking for the trucker.If you want immigration reform youre dumb, says Donald Trump acolyte Ann Coulter.

After comparing Trump to Roman senator Cincinnatus, hailing them as ideal citizen-statesmen, Coulter went on to explain how to find out if someone is smart or not: The shortcut is, where do they stand on immigration? It is the litmus test of our day, it tells you how bright someone is, it tells you whether they care about the country, it separates the mice from the men.Two male students in Virginia have been arrested for plotting a shooting at their high school, law enforcement officials said Saturday.

The teens were planning to call in a bomb threat at Riverbend High School in Fredericksburg, which they attend, and then shoot at students and staff as they evacuated the building, said Capt. Jeff Pearce of the Spotsylvania County Sheriff's office. The students, ages 15 and 17, are being charged with conspiracy to commit murder and are being held without bond at a juvenile detention center, officials said.

Spotsylvania County Sheriff Roger Harris applauded law enforcement officers and school administrators, saying they worked together to successfully thwart the plot.

"We were able to mitigate the danger, long before it presented any chance of coming to fruition and there was no immediate threat to the safety of the kids," Harris said in a statement.

The sheriff's office declined to name the teens, saying it doesn't identify juvenile suspects unless they are charged with a capital felony. Officials say no one else is thought to have been involved in the conspiracy.

A sheriff's deputy who works as a student resource officer arrested the first teen on Oct. 12 after the teen threatened another student via social media, Pearce said. Through that investigation, officials learned about the larger shooting plot and the link to the other student, who was arrested Friday, according to Pearce.

Pearce said authorities discovered the plot by conducting interviews, reviewing communication between the students and their social media accounts. The teens hadn't set a date for the attack, he added.

After searching the teens' homes, authorities said, they found more evidence that allowed them to charge the students with conspiracy to commit murder, Pearce said. He declined to say what kind of evidence was found.Jeff Gordon, driver of the No. 24 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet, was fastest in qualifying Saturday at Talladega Superspeedway. Tom Pennington

Jeff Gordon will have a great view to start his final race at Talladega Superspeedway on Sunday.

The Hendrick Motorsports driver earned his fourth pole of the season and fifth at Talladega with a lap at 49.234 seconds at 194.500 miles per hour during Saturday qualifying at the 2.66-mile track.

Hendrick Motorsports drivers swept the first three spots in the field and put all four cars in the top five. Non-Chasers Kasey Kahne and Jimmie Johnson were second and third, respectively. Matt Kenseth put his No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota fourth, followed by Dale Earnhardt Jr. in fifth.

"These guys work extremely hard," Gordon said of his team. "I know everybody does for these restrictor plate tracks. To be able to get the results like that and they have been doing it all year long on these tracks. That is just a complete credit to all the details that come from the top down. Alan (Gustafson, crew chief) he really does a phenomenal job at every track, but especially these tracks with these cars. Hendrick engines, Hendrick chassis, everybody at Hendrick Motorsports, 1, 2, 3 and 5 that is an awesome day for Hendrick Motorsports."

Trevor Bayne, Kevin Harvick, Denny Hamlin, Ryan Blaney and Joey Logano rounded out the top 10. Brad Keselowski will start 11th, followed by Kurt Busch in 14th, Carl Edwards in 15th, Kyle Busch in 16th and Ryan Newman in 18th.

Jeb Burton and Michael Annett failed to qualify.

Saturday's qualifying session was not without issues, however.

Chase driver Martin Truex Jr. had his time disallowed by NASCAR after going below the yellow line in the tri-oval. When NASCAR went to single-car qualifying at Daytona and Talladega, drivers were told not to go below the yellow line during their lap. Truex said he was unaware of the rule and is not too concerned with starting at the back of the field.

"Well the last couple of times we have been here we have run on the apron through the tri-oval," said Truex. "Apparently there was a memo sent out and I never got it. I don't really know what to say.

"It won't change (the strategy) at all," he said. "We started from the back last time too."

In one of the more odd events in recent memory, Clint Bowyer's car went in reverse as he was leaving pit road. The car backed into the nose of Justin Allgaier's No. 51 Chevrolet, damaging the nose. The HScott Motorsports team went to work trying to fix the nose of Allgaier's car, but Allgaier could only muster the 39th fastest lap.

Bowyer said he thought the car was in first gear and was surprised when it rolled backward. He apologized to Allgaier and the No. 51 team for the incident. Bowyer will join HScott Motorsports in 2016 before moving on to replace Tony Stewart at Stewart-Haas Racing in 2017.

"This was supposed to be an uneventful say," said Bowyer. "I just made it eventful."

While NASCAR impounds the cars after qualifying, the sanctioning body is allowing the No. 51 team to make repairs to the nose of the car. As a result, Allgaier will be forced to drop to the rear of the field to start the race.Hands down a kitchen knife is the important import tool for any chef or homecook.

But how do you perfect a knife, something that has evolved over the millennia?

The online kitchenware company, Misen (pronounced meez-en -- as in mise en place or French for put into place) says it has.

It began a Kickstarter campaign in early October, when it premiered its flagship chef knife that aims to be a high-quality, affordably priced kitchen tool thats sold direct to the customer -- which they say slices down the hefty price tags usually associated with knives.

Related Image Expand / Contract The Misen is designed to cut through meat bones while still able to make fine cuts. (The Misen)

In a single hour, it reached its goal $25,000. When the funding period closed Thursday morning, it raised $1,083,344 with the help of 13,116 backers.

Company co-creator Josh Moses, 24, joined forces with fellow food industry worker Omar Rada and Peter Müller, an industrial designer from Chicago to "reinvent" the kitchenware market with its line of products.

"We got interested in knives for a few reasons: An 8-inch knife is the single tool you'll use for literally everything," Moses told The Village Voice. "And it's healthier, fresher, and more affordable to do your own cooking. It's the idea we want to promote for our brand."

So what makes this knife so different?

Designed with the help of 3-D printers, the knife combines the best parts of Japanese and German knife engineering. It has a higher percentage of carbon in the blade than many of its competitors in the same class and is designed with a wider belly -- good for chopping through bones -- but has a shallow arc, which is good for fine slicing.

Misens knife is set to sell at about $65, as compared to its premium knife counterparts, averaging around $140 per blade.

Would you buy this knife? Let us know.Empowering young girls is an important life mission for me and one of the main reasons I wrote my book "Getting Real". I was lucky to get a lot of help and advice from women in my life -- from my mom, my teachers and my bosses. and I believe its incredibly important to give that back to work on improving these stats.

Of the nations 50 governors, only six are currently female- meaning 88 percent of governors are men despite women being 52% of the population.

104 women -- a record number -- currently serve in the 114th Congress: 84 in the House and 20 in the Senate -- but that means only 20 percent of our Senators are women and 19 percent our Representatives.

From 2006 to 2009, not one female character was depicted in G-rated family films in the field of medical science, as a business leader, in law, or politics.

and in California's 400 largest public companies -- only 2 point 8 percent are run by a female CEO.

Building self esteem for girls is crucial. and that's why I'm proud to be a TIA girl trailblazer.

You can learn more about the TIA Girl Club here: http://tiagirlclub.com/This is a RUSH transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," July 16, 2014. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

Watch "The O'Reilly Factor" weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET!

O'REILLY: Back to Fox segment tonight. How to solve the border mess.

Joining us from Washington, Senator Marco Rubio from Florida.

So Senator, top of the program we told the audience about polls that are coming in now on the border crisis. President Obama getting hammered. The vast majority of Americans think he is doing a terrible job there. However, just 23 percent of Americans believe the Republicans in Congress, of which you are one are doing a good job. 23 percent. So you guys are getting a blast as well. So my question to you is, if you were the president of the United States how would you stop this humanitarian disaster down there?

SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R) FLORIDA: Well, first of all, it wouldn't have happened because I never would have signed an executive order granting a deferred action to those who were in this country illegally. I think he was showing a tremendous amount of compassion, but that was not the right way to do it. It sent a message that actually invited people to come, and you see the disaster that has followed. The second thing, I would say, is that the first step in this process needs to be an all-out effort to finally put to rest the illegal immigration problem in America. And this involves the construction of strategic fencing, but also the deployment of specific technologies like ground sensors and cameras and drones and so forth to secure the southern border with Mexico. It involves a verify system, to require employers to verify that the people they are hiring are legally here. It involves an entry-exit tracking system, particularly at our airports, because 40 percent of our illegal immigration problem are people that enter the country legally and overstay visas. That would be the first step in this process, you have to do every single aspect of it, and only after you do that can you move to step two, which is reforming the legal immigration .

O'REILLY: And I agree with you 100 percent, you have got to stop - you've got to stop the madness first. But let's deal with the kids now because this is the humanitarian crisis the whole world is watching. Number one, you have no fence in these hot sectors, you say we should. And I agree. Number two, Governor Perry of Texas is asking and has asked for years, the National Guard to get down and help the border patrol. Do you favor that?

RUBIO: I do, and again, that has to do with manpower and that would be a part of any effort to secure the border.

O'REILLY: OK. So you put the guard down there, you show the world the pictures of our military on the border. Right away just those pictures then would de-incentivize the people who are paying these terrible cartels to human smuggle. So you would have a solution. All right, now, why do you think the folks are holding it against the Republicans -- are they believing President Obama when he is trying to blame you, guys, for the border madness?

RUBIO: I think it is an indictment of all of Washington, of the failure for more than a decade to deal with the problem that we know exists. Unless you are in favor of the status quo, unless you look at what is happening now and say, I think, this is working for America you have to be in favor of fixing it. So that is not really the debate, the debate is how do you fix it? And in my mind, the first step in fixing this, is to stop the growth and the problem that we have right now with illegal immigration, and then to begin to erode that number, to lower it, so that you can move to step two, which is reforming the legal immigration process towards one that is based on merit and works for our country in the 21ST century.

O'REILLY: OK, would you send the kids back?

RUBIO: Yes, and I'll tell you why that' important. Because the leading reason why this is happening, is word of mouth is spreading that if you make it to the United States as an unaccompanied minor or as a family with children you are going to be treated differently than adults who are traveling by themselves. And that word gets back, so imagine for a moment, if someone comes across the border, as a family or as an individual, they are now released into the population, with a notice to appear, but, of course, they never will, or do. And then what happens is, they call back home, people see they made the voyage safely, and you've now created a word of mouth incentive.

O'REILLY: Sure.

RUBIO: For others to do the same thing.

O'REILLY: All right, so you would send them back - you would get the increased courts, the judges down there to get them out, because that's going to be a big thing when that starts to happen. How many times have you spoken to President Obama personally about immigration reform?

RUBIO: Well, we've spoken a couple of times, but not in more than a year. And again, my conversations always begin with, what I've been saying publicly, and that is, anyone who is in favor of immigration reform must first be in favor of border security.

O'REILLY: And then how - what does he reply to that?

RUBIO: Well, I think they don't necessarily - well, two points - number one, the thing they'll say is the border has never been more secure, which is true for a handful of the sectors, but not for the others, not for the Rio Grande sector, not for the other sectors that we've seen, the Tucson sector of the border where people are crossing. And that has been the real challenge, is that the argument if you recall, he gave a speech in El Paso a few years ago where he mocked people who said we needed more border security by talking about how we would insist on a moat with alligators in it. And of course, now, we've seen that the border is in fact not secure.

O'REILLY: All right, Senator, we appreciate your time tonight, thank you.

Content and Programming Copyright 2012 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2012 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.At about 9:10 pm on Thursday night, over 11 hours after Secretary Clinton began her testimony before the Benghazi Select Committee, the chairman, Trey Gowdy, was asked whether he had learned anything new from Secretary Clinton during those 11 hours of testimony.

He paused. He hesitated. And then he said, something like -- actually I don't know she said anything new -- we already knew what she testified to tonight.

Seriously?

There's your verdict -- nothing new.

All Americans should ask Mr. Gowdy the following question: What has been achieved after spending $4.7 million of taxpayers money?

The committee's focus was just as House Republican Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy described it when he said: this was all about trying to tear down Hillary Clinton politically, to weaken her as a presidential candidate -- not about learning something new about what happened at Benghazi and why.

All Americans should ask Mr. Gowdy the following three questions:

1. What has been achieved after spending $4.7 million of taxpayers money?

2. Why did you keep Secretary Clinton on the witness stand for 11 hours and yet admit you learned nothing new from her?

3. Why did your committee exist in the first place? You claim you discovered Hillary Clinton's emails and private server. But you did not, you could not, cite a single email that helped tell us more about the tragedy of Benghazi?

You never explained why your committee is better or contributed anything new compared to the House Republican Intelligence and Armed Services committees -- both of which produced significant reports concluding that there was no intelligence failure prior to Benghazi, no political manipulation of the so-called talking points, no stand down order.

Whether you are a Republican or Democrat, liberal or conservative, we all should be able to agree that this committee was nothing more nor less than naked politics to damage Hillary Clinton politically.

If there was ever any doubt that Kevin McCarthy spoke the truth, the questioning done by most of the Republicans on the committee during this long ordeal Thursday is the final proof.

I know many of you reading this piece on the Fox News website do not support Hillary Clinton and I respect that. But I tell you with 100 percent sincerity that if a Republican Secretary of State had ever been treated this way by a Democratic congressional committee, I would be ashamed as a Democrat. And would say so.

Thank goodness it's over.

Now all of us  Republicans and Democrats, liberals and conservatives -- should get back to debating the issues, allowing the American people to choose who should be the best president to face the great challenges at home and abroad.

There are many important issues that can be debated and there is merit on both sides.

But the travesty of using this committee to engage in the politics of personal construction and to exploit the death of four Americans politically demeans our politics. It should make us ashamed.

I wonder whether any of the Republicans on the committee have any idea how badly this day went for them and how bad it is for America.

Maybe some day they will.

Now let's how we can get back to the real issues the American people care about.



Lanny Davis served as special counsel to former President Bill Clinton and is principal in the Washington, D.C. law firm of Lanny J. Davis & Associates, and is executive vice president of the strategic communications firm LEVICK. A columnist for The Hill, he is the author of the book, "Crisis Tales: Five Rules for Coping With Crises in Business, Politics, and Life," (Simon & Schuster March 2013). Follow him on Twitter at @LannyDavis.Gun owners and 30 California sheriffs are suing to block a Los Angeles city ban on high-capacity gun magazines.

This summer, the City Council banned possession of magazines that hold more than 10 rounds of ammunition. Owners have until Nov. 18 to sell the magazines, take them out of the city or surrender them to police.

The law mirrors those in San Francisco and Sunnyvale

The Los Angeles Daily News reports the lawsuit argues that the ordinance violates existing state regulations, which ban the manufacture and sale of the magazines but not their possession.

Joining the sheriffs' lawsuit are a state-affiliated group of the National Rifle Association and the California Reserve Peace Officers Association.

City Attorney Mike Feuer says the law is constitutional.Police in the Maldives arrested Vice President Ahmed Adeeb on Saturday in connection with an explosion aboard the president's boat last month that authorities have said was an assassination attempt.

Adeeb was arrested at the airport when he returned from an official visit to China "on suspicion of involvement in the boat blast," police spokesman Ismail Ali told The Associated Press. He said Adeeb had been taken to a detention center.

Soon after the Sept. 28 blast aboard President Yameen Abdul Gayoom's speedboat, rumors began circulating that Adeeb was behind it, but he has denied that he was involved. If the president dies, is incapacitated or resigns, the vice president succeeds him, according to the Maldives' constitution.

Three soldiers, including a former member of Adeeb's security detail and a member of the army's bomb squad, were also arrested Saturday in connection with the blast, Deputy Police Commissioner Abdullah Nawaz said.

The explosion took place aboard Gayoom's boat as he and his wife were returning to Male, the Maldives' capital, from the airport after a hajj pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia. The South Asian archipelago nation's airport is on a separate island from the capital.

Gayoom escaped unhurt, but his wife, an aide and a bodyguard were injured in the blast.

Authorities initially said the explosion could have been a result of a mechanical failure. But they announced later that it was an attempt to assassinate Gayoom and launched a criminal investigation.

The device used to set off the explosion had been placed under the seat usually occupied by the president, who escaped unhurt because he was not sitting there, the government has said.

Adeeb was a staunch Gayoom loyalist and became the vice president in July at the age of 33. Gayoom was instrumental in promoting Adeeb from tourism minister after the president got his lawmakers in parliament to impeach the previous vice president, Mohamed Jameel.

Lawmakers also lowered the minimum age for president or vice president from 35 to 30 to enable Adeeb to take the position.

Weeks after the blast, however, it was apparent that Gayoom suspected his vice president was involved, orchestrating a series of raids on homes and businesses of Adeeb's associates.

Gayoom also sacked his defense minister and the police commissioner after the blast.By Albert Traver.

The personal archive of late Nobel literature laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez, who for decades was barred from entering the United States due to his friendship with Fidel Castro, makes clear his close bond with the Cuban revolutionary leader, University of Texas academics told EFE.

"There are lots of (photos) of Fidel," said Daniela Lozano, one of the archivists at that Austin-based university's Harry Ransom Center, a humanities research library and museum that acquired the archive from the Colombian author's family last year and has spent the past 11 months cataloguing the manuscripts, letters, photographs and other items it contains.

The former Cuban leader, now 89, appears frequently in the four albums titled "La Habana," which include photos of the two in informal settings, including relaxing on a yacht and roasting a goat.

Another album called "Fidel - Biran" documents the visit that Castro and Garcia Marquez made in 1996 to the small town where Fidel and his younger brother, Cuban President Raul Castro, were born in 1926 and 1931, respectively.

Castro appears in an album titled "Amigos" that includes photos of Garcia Marquez with other famous figures such as Woody Allen, Carmen Balcells, Luis Buñuel, Julio Cortazar, Carlos Fuentes, Graham Greene, Milan Kundera and Pablo Neruda.

He is also included in another called "Gabo with Presidents" that contains photos of the novelist with, among others, Bill Clinton, who lifted a three-decade U.S. travel ban on the author in 1995, and Mikhail Gorbachev.

Garcia Marquez (1927-2014), recipient of the Nobel Prize in literature in 1982, is affectionately known as Gabo throughout Latin America.

"A lot has been written about Garcia Marquez being Fidel's friend, but it hasn't been thoroughly examined," Gabriela Polit, a professor at the University of Texas' Department of Spanish and Portuguese, told EFE, adding that the archive "needs to be calmly looked at" and could "offer some nice surprises."

Garcia Marquez was among a group of journalists who founded the Cuban news agency Prensa Latina shortly after the triumph of the Cuban Revolution in 1959.

He began his work there in Bogota and opened the agency's bureau in New York in 1961, when then-FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover began monitoring him due to his ties with Castro's Cuba.

Garcia Marquez's personal archive also contains notebooks on his travels to Cuba and a speech and three articles typed by Castro himself.

"He had the ability to speak to the powerful. For some reason, he particularly developed that ability with Fidel," Cesar Salgado, a Puerto Rican professor at the University of Texas, said, noting that he had interceded to help dissidents leave the island and been given permission to co-found the International Film and TV School in the western Cuban town of San Antonio de los Baños.

In interviews and articles, Garcia Marquez always praised his friend's "political intelligence," his "instinct" and his "infinite curiosity."

Castro, for his part, described a visit from Garcia Marquez and his wife, Mercedes Barcha, in 2008 as the "most pleasant time" he had spent since falling ill two years earlier and being forced to resign all of his state and political offices.

Some of the intimate moments of that relationship, evidence of the close bond that formed between the two men, are visible with the opening of the beloved author's personal archive in Texas. EFEThe Democratic National Committee (DNC) has given its official blessing to another presidential candidate forum amid ongoing complaints over the partys lack of 2016 debates.

The event, sponsored by the progressive group MoveOn, is not an official debate  candidates will be responding to pre-recorded MoveOn member questions but not to each others comments directly. The forum is expected to be recorded and aired online in mid-November.





ADVERTISEMENT

Candidate forums like this one hosted by MoveOn.org are important opportunities, along with town halls, living room conversations, county fair visits, and DNC debates all across the country, where our Democratic candidates get to engage with voters and highlight their vision for moving America forward, DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz (Fla.) said in a statement released by MoveOn.I know MoveOn's event will help our candidates continue to have substantive discussions about the issues voters care about most.The additional forum comes as Democrats continue to press the DNC to add more debates, without any success. The DNC stands by its calendar despite criticism from a slew of Democrats, including DNC vice-chairs and presidential candidates, that six debates is too few.All of the Democratic candidates  former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), former Maryland Gov. Martin OMalley, former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee and Harvard professor Lawrence Lessig  have been invited to the MoveOn forum, but, so far, only Sanders has confirmed.This would likely be the first chance for Lessig to join his Democratic presidential rivals, as he was not included on stage for the first Democratic debate this month.OMalley has been most vocal in calling for an extended schedule, saying the current one helps establishment candidate Clinton.Candidates who participate in unsanctioned debates will be barred from future debates, although that prohibition wont extend to other candidate forums without the DNCs blessing. That controversy boiled over around last weeks debate, when Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (Hawaii), a DNC vice-chair, claimed she had been uninvited to the first debate over her protestations. The DNC denied that characterization.

MoveOn is also still pushing for additional debates along with the forum and sent a letter to the DNC late last month to that effect.

There are four more sanctioned debates on the Democratic calendar, with the next one scheduled for Nov. 14 in Iowa. A South Carolina candidate forum, sponsored by the state Democratic Party and moderated by MSNBCs Rachel Maddow, is set for Nov. 6.Two months after being released by the Arizona Diamondbacks, MLB catcher Gerald Laird has put his Spanish-style home in Scottsdale, AZ, on the market to the tune of $1.85 million.

Over his 12-year career, the journeyman catcher appeared in two World Series -- one win (in 2011, with the St. Louis Cardinals) and one loss (in 2012, with the Detroit Tigers). He squatted behind the plate for five teams and played in exactly 799 games, appearing in a single contest this season for the Diamondbacks.

His stunning home is certainly private enough for a professional athlete. Located in a small, gated community, the 1-acre property is surrounded by trees, hedges, and drought-tolerant landscaping.

"It's a great family home and a great entertaining home," says listing agent Kelly Karbon. All four bedrooms have their own en suite bathrooms, and outdoors there are numerous seating areas with fireplaces to keep you warm on chilly evenings.Conservative former congressman and MSNBC host Joe Scarborough said Thursday was a very bad day for Trey Gowdy and Republicans.Have you ever had an experience behind the wheel when the difference between life and death was thinner than an eyelash?

They are those life-blink moments that pass with a flash and remind you that lifes closing curtain can drop to the stage without warning.

Like all second chances, they only change our lives if we let them.

Recently I was driving near my home when I approached the crest of a hill on a quiet two-lane straightaway. I was 20 yards from the peak when a pickup truck flew over the hill in the middle of the road.

I hit the brakes and watched the driver, a man perhaps in his 20s, drift farther into my lane until his grill was aimed straight for mine.

My horn shouted and I stared at the angry chrome fist of his heavy-duty truck.

The other guy? He stared at his cellphone.

I thought. Is this it?

I swerved to the right and came to a stop in a front yard triangle of three trees, childs toys and a mailbox.

The truck corrected back to his lane and raced off.

After a silent prayer, I got out and walked around to make certain I hadnt damaged the yard  or worse. No one was home and with no visible evidence of my adventure onto their property, I backed into the road and slowly rolled away.

Id been lucky or blessed, depending on the role faith plays in your life. I was angry with the stranger on his phone and imagined what I might say to him if our paths crossed again at something other than 35 mph.

In my self-righteous head, I wrote a condemning speech that started and ended with shame on you.

In the days since, Ive started paying attention to how many times I check my phone when the wheels are moving. My unscientific findings?

I could have easily been the one in the white truck that day. The only difference is that this time he was the one texting and I was the one actually paying attention.

And chances are it couldve been you, too.

Did you know that according the U.S. Department of Transportation's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, at any given moment, approximately 660,000 drivers are using cellphones or manipulating electronic devices while driving and 26 percent of all automobile crashed involve cellphone use?

The National Safety Council has plenty of data, too. They report that one-third of American drivers admit to reading or sending text messages or emails while driving. And how many of us dont admit it?

Obviously, its not just about fender benders. The Institute for Highway Safety finds that 11 teenagers die every day from accidents caused by texting and driving. And lets not speed past the laws. 46 states have passed strict bans and in most cases, its a primary offense with steep penalties.

Today, tomorrow and the next day I will drive past that same front yard and give thanks that Im not a statistic. I also think about the man in the white truck and wonder if he realizes how truly fortunate he is that Im still here to write about the experience and hes still around to read about it.

Instead of this column, it could have been an obituary.

Like all second chances, they only change our lives if we let them. That man and I are alive today and whether by fate, fortune or divinity, he and I have an obligation not to repeat dangerous habits.

America, its time to put our phones down. Lets look out the window at the real planet and not the virtual world that spins on a tiny screen in our right hands. None of us can control whether or not well be called to our heavenly home from a car, but we can pledge that if it happens, it won't be because we're texting.

I think if I ever get a chance to deliver that speech to the man in the white truck, I'll skip the shame and offer a simple promise.

"I'm done texting and driving. Are you?

Jason F. Wright is a New York Times bestselling author, columnist and speaker. Subscribe to his weekly columns, join him on Facebook and follow him on Twitter. His latest book, "The James Miracle," is available on Amazon. One of his eleven novels, "Recovering Charles," is free on Amazon for a limited-time only.The Department of Justice recently announced a decision to release 6,000 people from federal prison. As part of that announcement, agency officials noted that 1/3 of the people released are immigrants who will be quickly deported. There is a clear and troubling pattern where policy reforms in the criminal justice system do not extend to immigrants in the criminal justice or immigration enforcement systems. The glaring question is: why not?

For some, a hope for reintegration, while for others no chance whatsoever because our immigration policy is still grounded in mass criminalization. Its time for that to change. - Marisa Franco

Whether because of the human or monetary costs, lack of effectiveness, or the clear bias that runs rampant, there is a re-examination occurring of the War on Drugs and the mass incarceration system. Reforms in these domains, however, are not being considered in the immigration enforcement system; in fact, the trend is going in the opposite direction. An act that, for citizens, may no longer warrant a criminal charge much less incarceration, for immigrants often means a double punishment of a harsh prison sentence and possible deportation. Already immigrants receive harsher sentences inside of the criminal justice system than citizens.

As sentencing reform victories are making mandatory minimums increasingly obsolete, politicians are still proposing the very same approach to enforce immigration law. (One bill proposed by Louisianas Senator was narrowly defeated on the hill on Tuesday.) If these policies have proven to be ineffective and inhumane in drug policy, what makes anyone think they are well suited for immigration policy?

The War on Drugs has wreaked havoc both domestically and abroad. Over 40,000 immigrants are deported for drug offenses each year  resulting in more than one-quarter of a million people forcibly removed in the past seven years alone. This double standard, along with hateful rhetoric that targets 'felons not families', inflicts serious harm on countless communities.

One recent example of an effort to reform the immigration system through the lens of criminal justice took place in California, but was thwarted when Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed legislation that the L.A. Times called a new approach [that] would treat potential citizens the same way full citizens are treated when it comes to minor drug infractions. Imagine that  vetoing legislation that sought to bring Californians one crucial step closer to treating all people equal under the law.

Meanwhile, thousands of families across the U.S. continue to face the brunt of our draconian drug laws.

In her groundbreaking report, U.S.: Drug Deportations Tearing Families Apart, Human Rights Watch Researcher Grace Meng notes that even as many U.S. states are legalizing and decriminalizing some drugs, or reducing sentences for drug offenses, federal immigration policy too often imposes exile for the same offenses. Americans believe the punishment should fit the crime, but that is not what is happening to immigrants convicted of what are often relatively minor drug offenses.

Attorney General Loretta Lynch embodied that double standard in one breath when she was asked about the planned release of people from prison. She said:

"The Sentencing Commission made some changes in the way sentences would be calculated. A number of cases are being referred to judges and it will be the courts who decide if and when someone is released. Once that happens, if that happens, we expect those individuals will hopefully be able to be re-integrated into society. A vast number of them are not going to stay here; a vast number of them are eligible for deportation and will be removed."

For some, a hope for reintegration, while for others no chance whatsoever because our immigration policy is still grounded in mass criminalization. Its time for that to change.

As we near the anniversary of President Obama's immigration executive action, relief remains elusive at the federal level while millions remain ensnared in the mass deportation system. The administration continues to punish immigrants rather than implement much needed relief and reform.

To ensure that emerging reforms in criminal justice that reduce prison populations are not just replaced by immigration policies that fill them, its time for the double standard to end.

Marisa Franco is based in Phoenix, Arizona and is the co-founder of Mijente and director of the #Not1More Deportation Campaign. Jeronimo Saldaña is the legislative and organizing coordinator for the Drug Policy Alliance.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramThe Grammy winner is going to be busy Source: FOX News VideosThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2015 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Privacy - Ad Choices - Terms - FAQSecretary of State Hillary Clinton testifies in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi.

FOX News Radios Jared Halpern on Capitol Hill reports:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Republicans have said questions remain over Hillary Clintons response to security concerns in Benghazi made directly by the Ambassador killed in the attack Chris Stevens.

(Westmoreland) Youve said everybody else is responsible for everything else. What were you responsible for?

(Clinton) I was responsible for quite a bit, Congressman. I was not responsible for specific security requests and decisions.

Clinton telling Georgia Republican Lynn Westmoreland specific concerns from Stevens would have been made to security experts But she has pushed back on the idea she was disengaged, reiterating Stevens also had an open line to her office.

On Capitol Hill, Jared Halpern, FOX News Radio.

WATCH an exchange between Rep. Trey Gowdy and Hillary Clinton during the Benghazi hearing:

WATCH for more on the Benghazi hearing:Children watch as a lion is dissected at a Danish zoo - WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT

Dozens of zoo spectators cover their noses from the stench as a young male lion's bloody organs are shown to "educate" the crowd.

SkyNews

http://news.sky.com/skynews/

Lion dissected at zoo Children cover their noses from the stench as a lion is dissected at a zoo in Denmark Sky News warning-graphic-1

A lion is dissected in public at a Danish zoo A lion is dissected in public at a zoo in Denmark. Sky News lion-dissected-02Alcides Escobar #2 of the Kansas City Royals throws out Chris Colabello #15 of the Toronto Blue Jays (not pictured) in the second inning during game four of the American League Championship Series between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Kansas City Royals at Rogers Centre on October 20, 2015 in Toronto, Canada. (Photo by Harry How/Getty Images)2015 Getty Images

Daniel Murphy sent yet another shot soaring over the wall and thrust his right arm in the air  he was in the record book, his Mets were headed to the World Series.

Alcides Escobar made his mark with a single, double, triple and bunt. That made him the first player to lead off four straight games in a postseason series with a hit, and he wound up as MVP of the ALCS.

For both, a charmed October.

Far from superstars or the highest-paid guys on their teams, Murphy and Escobar became the latest surprise sensations on baseball's biggest stages.

Murphy might be having the best month of them all. After hitting a career-best 14 homers in the regular season, the free agent-to-be connected seven times in nine playoff games. He hit four longballs, went 9 for 17 and drove in six runs in New York's four-game sweep of the Cubs to earn NLCS MVP.

"He's incredible," Mets first baseman Lucas Duda said after Game 4. "He's on a different planet right now."

Planet Postseason, that is.

Escobar got off to a fast start, too. A lifetime .262 hitter in eight seasons, the Royals shortstop quickly turned into the No. 1 pest for the Blue Jays.

He finished 11 for 23 (.478) in the six-game ALCS, scoring six runs and driving in five. Escobar leads all players with 17 hits this postseason, one more than Murphy.

Escobar has also played sparkling defense, including his much-replayed, run-saving, diving grab of Russell Martin's liner in Game 2 against Toronto.

"When the pressure seems to get a little bit or mount a little bit is when he plays his best baseball, where he really focuses on getting the job done," Royals manager Ned Yost said this week.

The newest Mr. Octobers have plenty of company. Here's a look back at some of the surprise stars of postseasons past:

___

David Freese, Cardinals, 2011: Raised in the St. Louis area, he had played only 184 games in the regular season when he emerged as just the sixth player to win MVP of the LCS and World Series. The third baseman drove in 21 runs in 18 games. He had four RBIs in a 5-3 win over Philadelphia that forced a deciding Game 5 in the NL Division Series. He hit three homers and drove in nine runs against the Brewers in the next round. Freese really put his stamp on the postseason in the Fall Classic, especially Game 6. One of the most exciting games in baseball history, Freese had a tying triple with two outs in the bottom of the ninth and a walkoff homer in the 11th.

___

Cody Ross, Giants, 2010: He went from unwanted man in August to MVP of the NLCS with an impressive power display against the Phillies' Big Three of Roy Halladay, Roy Oswalt and Cole Hamels. Claimed off waivers from the Marlins, Ross didn't even have a permanent spot in the San Francisco outfield until Jose Guillen was hurt late in the year. He homered twice against Halladay and once off Oswalt, then kept it simple, breaking a scoreless tie with an RBI single.

"I could never imagine being in a situation like this," Ross said then. "I'm just going to cherish it. This is a special time for me."

___

David Ortiz, Red Sox, 2004: Before he was the beloved Big Papi, Ortiz spent six middling seasons with the Minnesota Twins before moving to Boston in '03. A year later he had his first 30-homer season. But it wasn't until he led the Red Sox to the majors' only comeback from an 0-3 deficit in a best-of-seven series  against the rival Yankees  that he really broke out. Ortiz drove in 11 runs and went 12 for 31 (.387) with three homers to notch MVP honors in the ALCS.

___

Mike Devereaux, Braves, 1995: Mike who? The 1995 NLCS MVP, that's who  on a stacked Atlanta team with the likes of Chipper Jones, Tom Glavine and Greg Maddux. Devereaux ended Game 1 with an 11th-inning single, but wasn't penciled into the lineup for Game 4 until David Justice was hit by a ball in batting practice. A late August acquisition from the White Sox, Devereaux proceeded to connect for a three-run homer iced the Braves' four-game sweep of the Reds. He only got six at-bats in the World Series.

___

Pat Borders, Blue Jays, 1992: Never an All-Star in a 17-year career during which he hit .253, the catcher helped lead Toronto to its first of two straight World Series titles, going 9 for 20 (.450) while spending all 55 innings behind the plate in being selected Series MVP.

___

Billy Hatcher, Reds, 1990: This career .264 hitter broke a World Series record by getting seven straight hits. He batted .750 (9 for 12) in Cincinnati's four-game sweep of Oakland with four doubles, a triple and six runs.

___

Bucky Dent and Brian Doyle, Yankees, 1978: Perhaps the most unlikely duo to find October fame, especially on a Bronx Zoo team featuring Reggie Jackson, Thurman Munson and other big games. Dent hit the famed home run to beat Boston in a one-game playoff at Fenway Park and enjoyed a splendid postseason that culminated in the World Series MVP. The shortstop hit .417 with seven RBIs against the Dodgers.

The real surprise, though, was Doyle, a bit major leaguer whose career lasted all of four seasons. He got shoved into the spotlight when second baseman Willie Randolph was hurt. Doyle stepped up, batting .438 (7 for 16)  he was a .161 career hitter in 199 at-bats  driving in two runs and scoring four.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramSACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) Nate Ketteringham threw four touchdown passes, three to Shane Harrison, and Sacramento State earned its first Big Sky Conference win in five tries with a 38-13 win over Idaho State Saturday night.

The Bengals (2-5, 1-3 Big Sky) took a 7-0 lead on an Xavier Finney 2-yard touchdown in the first quarter, but Ketteringham threw a pair of TD passes in the second quarter, finding Harrison from 20 yards out and Garrett Steele from the 2 and the Hornets (2-6, 1-4) took a 17-10 lead at intermission. Ketteringham, who completed 20 of 26 for 287 yards, found Harrison with a second 20-yard TD strike to open the third quarter and again from 61-yards out five minutes later.

Joey Banks picked off Idaho State's Tanner Gueller and returned it 41 yards for the game's final score.

Gueller was 20 of 36 for 233 yards.

Harrison caught 8 passes for 159 yards.U.S. filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola and Cuban writer Eduardo Padura were major protagonists here Friday at the Princess of Asturias Awards gala.

Spain's King Felipe VI presided over the ceremony at Oviedo's Teatro Campoamor, accompanied on stage for the award presentation by Queen Letizia, while his mother, Queen Sofia, looked on from the royal box.

The 1,500 invited guests responded with particular warmth to Coppola, winner of the Arts Award, who delivered one of the keynote speeches.

"This is the real thrill of the human species, that each generation children can run faster, leap higher, play musical instruments with uncanny technical excellence and dream bigger, newer, cinematic expressions than we can't even guess at," he said.

The king, in his remarks, hailed Coppola for his "unmistakable talent" and his ability "to reinterpret and renew the gamut of human passions ever more wisely and effectively."

From "the prodigious and magnificent list" of Coppola films, Felipe cited "The Godfather" and "Apocalypse Now" as emblematic.

Asturias Literature laureate Padura, sporting the quintessentially Cuban shirt known as the guayabera, spoke lovingly of Cuba, the Spanish language and work.

He recounted his origins in the Havana suburb of Mantilla, where he continues to live in the house where he was born.

"Padura is one of the leading writers of his generation" and the creator of "a body of work which evocatively embraces Havana, its neighborhoods, its people and its history," King Felipe said.

"All his works enable him to speak of disappointment, failure, disillusionment, corruption and, at the same time, the beauty and serenity of happy days awash with joy and enthusiasm," the monarch said of the writer.

French economist Esther Duflo, recipient of the Social Sciences Award, invoked the plight of refugees and said that society "cannot allow itself the luxury" of turning its back on them.

The king stressed that Duflo has spent years "engaged in the noble task of finding effective ways to combat extreme poverty and explaining why many of the initiatives taken in this area fail."

Online encyclopedia Wikipedia, honored with the 2015 Award for International Cooperation, "seeks to place culture within the reach of the largest number of people possible, with a clear desire to expand knowledge, to generalize and make knowledge accessible," Felipe said.

Spanish philosopher Emilio Lledo, the Communication and Humanities, expressed concern about humanity's inability to rise above ignorance, violence and cruelty.

The king presented Emmanuelle Charpentier and Jennifer Doudna, who shared the Award for Technical and Scientific Research, as "two scientists renowned worldwide for having developed a revolutionary technology that enables the modification of genes with great precision."

The Award for Concord, granted to the Hospitallers of St John of God, was accepted by the head of the order, Jesus Etoyo.

The only honorees not present in Oviedo were basketball-star brothers Pau and Marc Gasol, joint recipients of the Sports Award, who were unable to make the trip from the U.S. due to professional commitments with their respective NBA teams.

"The memories and emotions of the recent European gold medal won by our national team, to whom we reiterate our congratulations from here, are still very much alive in our thoughts," Felipe said in his comments about the Gasol brothers.

Alluding to the independence movement in Spain's northwestern region of Catalonia, the king said: "May no one build walls with feelings. Divisions will never make a people great, they only impoverish and isolate."

"In any democratic society like ours, the defense of the law and constitutional principles is the guarantee of the rights and freedoms of all citizens. We Spaniards must therefore preserve the coexistence that fortifies and enriches our collective life," he said.

This year marks the first time the prize, which bears the name of the heir to the throne, has been called the Princess of Asturias Award, as it was changed from Prince when Princess Leonor's father, ascended the throne last year as King Felipe VI.

Each winner receives 50,000 euros (roughly $56,000) and a replica statuette designed by late Spanish artist Joan Miró.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramThe company that manages advertising on New York Citys subway is reportedly refusing to allow a menstrual underwear company to advertise their products because the ads are too racy.

Metro reported that the New York City-based company, Thinx, whose tagline is Period Panties For Modern Women, wants to display ads featuring women in bras and Thinx underwear next to images of a peeled grapefruit or a cracked egg.

Outfront Media, the company in charge of approving ads for the Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA), allegedly opposes Thinxs proposed images because they exhibit sexual or excretory activities and promote a sexually oriented business.

ICYMI #notyourgrapefruit [link in bio] A photo posted by THINX (@shethinx) on Oct 20, 2015 at 9:20pm PDT

According to Thinxs website, the underwear comes in three styles, and it uses patented technology consisting of moisture-wicking, anti-microbial, absorbent and leak-resistant material to eliminate the need for a panty liner. Depending on the customers cycle, the underwear may also eliminate the need to use tampons or pads, which some women find inconvenient, uncomfortable or too costly.

By reimagining feminine hygiene products to provide support, comfort, confidence, and peace of mind, we aim to eliminate shame, empowering women and girls around the world, the companys mission statement reads.

According to Metro.co.uk, Outfront Media rejected the companys request to advertise on the subway because their ads as they stand show too much skin, and that, regardless of the context, the egg and grapefruit seem inappropriate.

Outfront Media also reportedly took issue with the word period, according to emails obtained by Mic. Veronica del Rosario, Thinxs director of marketing, said an unnamed representative from Outfront did not like the tagline For Women with Periods because children would see the word period and ask their parents what it meant, according to Mic.com.

Some opponents of the companys decision to reject Thinxs proposed ads have taken to social media to point out that Outfront has approved other ads that appear to violate its standards. Those ads have included one for a protein powder and a woman in a yellow string bikini with the text Are you beach body ready? Another ad, from 2014, was for a breast augmentation service that featured an image of a woman frowning while holding small oranges in front of her breasts, next to the image of the same woman who is smiling while holding larger grapefruits up to her chest.

Mic.com reported that the MTA did not participate in conversations between Outfront and Thinx, and the MTA and Outfront have not officially refused the company from advertising on the citys subway.When Kenny Rogers announced that he was retiring from touring, the Oak Ridge Boys were saddened.

"I have always thought, if Kenny Rogers can still be doing it, we can still be doing it," said Richard Sterban, the group's bass singer. "After next year, Kenny won't be doing it and there will be a void."

Added Joe Bonsall, "I can't imagine Kenny Rogers not being out there."

Click here to subscribe to FOX411s YouTube channel

But don't expect the four-part vocal group to follow Rogers' lead anytime soon. They are as busy as they have ever been, traveling to Branson, Missouri, almost every weekend to perform at the theater named after them and getting ready to do a 31-city Christmas tour that kicks off around Thanksgiving.

On Sunday, Bonsall, Sterban, Duane Allen and William Lee Golden, who have all been performing together since 1973 as the Oak Ridge Boys, will be inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame as one of the few gospel acts to successfully transition to secular music and become hit makers in multiple genres. Also being inducted this year: the late Jim Ed Brown; his sisters, Maxine and Bonnie Brown, and the late Grady Martin.

The band's origins date back to the Oak Ridge Quartet formed in 1945 by gospel icon Wally Fowler. The name of the band and the members changed during the '50s and '60s, but by the early 1970s, the band's current lineup started outgrowing the genre. They had four Grammys for gospel performances already, but signed to a new label in the hopes of reaching a wider audience.

"We were sort of the renegade gospel band," Bonsall said. "We grew our hair longer. We didn't dress alike. Our songs were cooler. We hired a band and had a rock n' roll drummer. We drove people crazy in Southern gospel in those days."

They were helped out by artists like Johnny Cash and Rogers, who invited them out to play arenas with him on his Full House tour with Dottie West in 1979. They started having country hits like, "Y'All Come Back Saloon," ''I'll Be True to You," and then their biggest hit, "Elvira," which took off in 1981. In the 1980s, they headlined arenas and amphitheaters and even Garth Brooks opened for them.

Bonsall, who recently put out a book called, "On the Road with The Oak Ridge Boys," said the key to their longevity is recognizing that no one individual is greater than the group.

"We are spokes in the wheel and the wheel turns," Bonsall said. "Each individual spoke brings individual talents and ideas and different personalities to the table that makes this group go."

And the wheel is still turning.

"The best part about this is we are still going strong after all of these years and we do not plan on retiring," Sterban said. "We are still having fun doing this and we love what we are doing. At least for the short term certainly, we plan to keep on singing."Haitians don't lack for choice as they seek a leader who might be able to lift the nation out of poverty and turbulence. More than 50 presidential candidates are running on Sunday's ballot.

The field is so crowded and confusing that there's little clarity about who might be leading. Polls are unreliable and contradictory.

There's greater agreement on the challenge facing the person who wins the inevitable Dec. 27 runoff: Spur the country's chronically sputtering economy and wean it off dependence of foreign aid donors, who are largely funding this year's roughly $70 million three-round electoral process.

"The government needs to stimulate growth so that the state can actually pick up the responsibilities that foreign assistance has been providing," Kenneth Merten, the U.S. State Department's special coordinator for Haiti, told The Associated Press.

Among the best known names on the ballot is Jude Celestin, a former head of the state-run construction company who was the government-backed candidate in the 2010 race. He was eliminated from a runoff after his reported victory was challenged by foreign observers who complained of irregularities.

Others include President Michel Martelly's pick, Jovenel Moise, a political newcomer who has called for restoration of Haiti's army, and ex-Sen. Moise Jean Charles, a sharp critic of Martelly who brands himself as a voice for Haiti's poor and disenfranchised.

More than 5½ years since Haiti suffered an earthquake that was one of the worst natural disasters of modern times, roughly 5.8 million voters are registered to cast ballots for the next president, 129 lawmakers and a slew of local offices.

Despite the extremely broad field, many Haitians seem frustrated by the choices and complain about the partisan bickering that led to political gridlock in recent years and prevented much serious discussion of issues during campaigning.

Final results are not expected until late November, according to the country's Provisional Electoral Council.

Security is a widespread concern during Sunday's elections. The roughly 12,500-member Haitian National Police will have to play a far greater role in maintaining security than it did in the last presidential vote due to a reduced number of U.N. peacekeeping troops. The United Nations has kept the force in Haiti since 2004, when a violent rebellion swept the country.The largest meat-eating dinosaur ever discovered in Australia had sickle-shaped claws the size of chef's knives, a daunting feature that likely made up for its fairly delicate jaws and small teeth, a new study finds.

The dinosaur's 10-inch-long claws likely helped it hunt, said study lead researcher Phil Bell, a lecturer of paleontology at the University of New England in Australia.

"They didn't have skulls like T. rex, which could crush bones with their incredible bite," Bell told Live Science. "Instead, they probably used their hands and massive claws  a bit like a raptor  to bring down their prey." [Photos: 7-Year-Old Boy Discovers T. Rex Cousin]

The newfound claw-wielding dinosaur lived about 110 million years ago, during the mid-Cretaceous, and likely measured about 20 feet (6 meters) long. Miners discovered and excavated the partial skeleton in the 1990s in the opal fields near the town of Lightning Ridge, located in New South Wales in eastern Australia. The fossils, most of them a bluish hue, thanks to the opals, were donated to the Australian Opal Centre in 2005, and remained on display until Bell and his colleagues decided to study them.

Unfortunately, the miners may have missed or destroyed some of the fossils, and fresh breaks on the bones suggest they were damaged during excavation, the researchers said. Still, the finding is the second most-complete skeleton of a theropod (a group of bipedal, mostly meat-eating dinosaurs) from Australia, Bell said.

The researchers chose not to name the new species just yet  primarily because the skeleton is incomplete  but are calling it "lightning claw" for now in honor of its location and impressively sized claws.

Origin dilemma

Scientists are sure of one thing: Lightning claw is a megaraptorid, an enigmatic group of theropod dinosaurs that sported long claws and lived on the southern supercontinent Gondwana. Researchers have found other remains of megaraptorids in South America and Australia.

However, they are unsure where megaraptorids sit in the theropod family tree. Some researchers suspect the group belongs to the tyrannosaur branch (the dinosaurs that evolved into birds), and others say it's more closely related to primitive theropods, such as Allosaurus and Carcharodontosaurus, the researchers said.

The authors didn't use lightning claw to help solve the mystery because "there's only so much you can answer at one time," Bell said. "The issue of where megaraptorids sit in the great family tree of theropoda is a much bigger problem than trying to identify a single species, for example."

But the finding does provide clues about the origin of megaraptorids. Lightning claw predates the oldest known megaraptorid found in Australia (Australovenator) by 10 million years. Moreover, Australia is largely known as a fossil "dark continent" because it has divulged few dinosaur fossils compared to the other continents (with the exception of Antarctica).

Despite Australia's dearth of uncovered dinosaur fossils, the bluish specimen suggests that some megaraptorids may have originated Down Under. [Paleo-Art: Dinosaurs Come to Life in Stunning Illustrations]

"Most other megaraptorids come from Argentina, so it seemed to make sense that megaraptorids in Australia must have made their way here from South America," Bell said. "When we ran our computer analysis, no matter how we looked at it, our new guy seemed to switch that idea on its head."

"It's fantastic to see something that's new, identifiable and actually can inform us about dinosaur evolution and biogeography," said Thomas Carr, an associate professor of biology at Carthage College in Wisconsin and a vertebrate paleontologist, who was not involved in the study. "It helps complete that large mosaic of our knowledge of the history of life on earth. It's another tile  an important one."

The findings were published online Sept. 5 in the journal Gondwana Research.

Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.A New York man is building his own sovereign nation called Zaqistan on a remote piece of land in Utah.

Zaq Landsberg has created a yellow-and-red flag, official-looking passports and a border patrol gate guarded by a giant robot sentry for the realm, KSL-TV reported.

"The conceptual goal is I want it to become a real country," said Landsberg, its president. "I mean, that goal is not going to happen. It's impossible, but going through the motions, (I'm) trying to make that happen."

He's even created a motto for the land of Zaqistan: "Something from nothing."

When he bought the sage-brush covered stretch of Utah backcountry a decade ago, the city-dwelling Landsberg was amazed at how removed it was. It's about 60 miles from the nearest town and 15 miles away from a paved road.

While he calls the area harsh and desolate, it's also appealing.

"Out here, it's not that crazy of an idea to have your own little spot, and to do your own thing and to have your own space and the privacy to do that," said Landsberg, who's hesitant to reveal the exact location of Zaqistan for fear of people getting lost trying to find it.

While he knows the 4-acre piece of land equipped with a supply bunker won't actually become its own recognized country, Lansdsberg said building it is an artistic exploration in how far he can push the concepts of land ownership and sovereignty.

"My goal is to, like, probe those little areas," Landsberg said. "To try and find what that does mean."

He pays property taxes to Box Elder County, about 160 miles north of Salt Lake City, though he refers to the payments as tributes. He wants to make his little nation look legitimate. The passports look and feel real, and visitors like his friend Mike Abu can get them stamped as they enter and exit the country.

"Legitimacy is one of those things that's fairly subjective to begin with," Abu said. "But when we're talking about it, does it exist? There's no question about it."Real Madrid strengthened its grip on first place in La Liga with a 3-1 victory here Saturday over Celta Vigo, which lost its first game of the season but put a scare into the visitors by getting a rare goal against superstar net minder Keylor Navas.

The Blancos asserted their authority early on by controlling ball possession and putting the Celticos in the unfamiliar position of having to fend off repeated attacks at Balaidos Municipal Stadium.

Armed with the physicality of Casemiro and Toni Kroos in midfield, the quality of Luka Modric and the speed of Jese, Cristiano Ronaldo and Lucas Vazquez, Rafael Benitez's men had the clear talent edge in this battle of unbeaten teams.

The lack of ball possession, meanwhile, was a blow to Celta, which at the outset was a shadow of the team that had routed Barcelona and earned hard-fought victories over Sevilla and Villarreal in recent weeks.

And it didn't take long for Real Madrid's pressure to be reflected on the scoreboard, with Ronaldo chasing down a cross by Vazquez and slipping it just inside the right goal post in the seventh minute.

But after grabbing the early lead the Blancos took their foot off the pedal, allowing Celta Vigo to get some touches and set up their first goal-scoring opportunity - a potent blast by Chilean midfielder Fabian Orellana that Navas somehow managed to deflect away.

That save was just the beginning of the highlight reel for the Costa Rican superstar, who also denied a shot at point-blank range by Iago Aspas and a powerful header by Pedro Pablo "Tucu" Hernandez.

Meanwhile, at the other end of the field, the visitors got a second first-half goal when Danilo, left unmarked by Nolito, found the back of the net past goalkeeper Sergio Alvarez in the 22nd minute.

Shortly after the start of the second half, the situation turned even bleaker for the home side when Argentine defender Gustavo Cabral was sent off for protesting.

Celta Vigo, however, continued to create opportunities, with Nolito being denied by Brazilian defender Marcelo in the 70th minute but eventually getting a ball past Navas - only the third La Liga goal allowed this season by the Costa Rican in nine games - in minute 84.

With time winding down, Swedish striker John Guidetti squandered a chance to tie the contest after receiving a cross from Nolito, and instead it was Marcelo who sealed the 3-1 victory for Real Madrid with a counterattack goal in the 90th minute.

Real Madrid increased its Spanish league-leading point tally to 21 with the win, three ahead of Celta Vigo and FC Barcelona, which hosts Eibar on Sunday. EFEFriday on The Alan Colmes Show, Alan spoke Sonny Fox, a longtime broadcasting executive and host of Wonderama, which was a staple of childrens television programming for decades.

Sonny told Alan about how he is still recognized by fans of the show, who he refers to as my kids. He also discussed how he became the host of the show, his relationship with other kids hosts of the day like Soupy Sales, and why hes returning to his Brooklyn, NY elementary school for a good cause.Last summer, the U.S. Army confirmed that soldiers will begin wearing the new Army Combat Uniform (ACU) that bears the Operational Camouflage Pattern (OCP)  also known as Scorpion W2. They are now being issued, and soldiers are expected to retire their prior uniforms by summer 2018.

This means its the end of the line for the Universal Camouflage Pattern (UCP), which was known for its digital-like appearance. Camouflage has undergone numerous changes in the past decade, and the new OCP is just the latest effort by the U.S. military to develop the "perfect camouflage."

Related: New Army camouflage uniform hits stores

While not standing out on the battlefield would seem fairly obvious, the use of camouflage by the U.S. military only dates back 60 years. And, the use of camouflage by any army dates back just a couple of centuries.

Basic Green and Khaki

Today, we think of khaki as comfortable casual wear but it was born out of military necessity and was among the first types of camouflage.

In England, irregular units adopted drab colors, as did gamekeepers, to hide from game and poachers. By the Napoleonic Wars, British rifle units  including the 95th  were outfitted in green jackets. This was a contrast to the scarlet uniforms of the day. Those British 'red coats' dated back to the New Model Army ordinance, and were based on the traditional colors of the Yeoman of the Guard and the Yeomen Warders. Red is a color of the Tudor Rose, and the earliest 'red coats' were worn with white trousers  the original 'Union' flag of the United Kingdom was red and white.

As the British Empire expanded, it soon became apparent that scarlet uniforms made of heavy wool were unsuitable for tropical climes, such as the Indian subcontinent. Yet, for the better part of 70 years, the British Honourable East India Company, as well as regular army troops that served in India, retained their scarlet uniforms. This changed when Sir Harry Lumsden raised a Corps of Guides in 1848 for frontier service at Peshawar, near the Afghan border in what is now Pakistan. These troops wore uniforms based on their native attire. The uniform consisted of a dust colored smock that closely matched the local soil. It was thus named after the soils color using the Persian word "khaki," meaning ash-colored.

Related: Cold War-era weaponry in pictures

"[Khaki] was first used by the British by the British-Indian Army Corps of Guides cavalry regiment in 1849 in order to render the troops less conspicuous in their skirmishes with tribesmen on the North-Western Frontier of India (now Pakistan)," British historian Nigel Thomas, told FoxNews.com. "It was adopted by other British-Indian regiments during the Indian Mutiny of 1857 but then abolished, only to reappear in 1868."

Khaki became the first "universal" camouflage by the end of the 19th century when most European nations that had colonies overseas utilized similar-colored 'tropical' uniforms. One interesting irony is that in many cases, European officers and NCOs were outfitted with their European style uniforms, while colonial troops wore the khaki colored ones.

Camouflage in World War I

Related Image Expand / Contract Two very different camouflage pattern helmet covers that were used by the U.S. Military in Iraq. (Photo: Peter Suciu)

Although the European powers utilized khaki in the colonies, this practice wasn't carried on in Europe  so when the armies marched to war in 1914, some soldiers were still outfitted in bright uniforms that were more practical on the parade ground. This was most evident with the French Army, which wore a uniform little changed from that of the Franco-Prussian War (1870-1871) and included a dark blue jacket and red trousers  similar to the British uniform, it matched the colors of national flag.

As the war bogged down into the hellish system of trenches, soldiers in the field sought ways to better blend in.

"Camouflage was used as soon as the war started," Doran Cart, curator of the National World War I Museum in Kansas City, MO. told FoxNews.com. "It got more sophisticated as the war progressed from molding forms to look like dead horses to hiding forward observers to covering entire roads with netting, creating a false environment for aerial observers to see."

In addition, newly introduced steel helmets were painted in patterns to break up the lines. The Germans adopted a number of unique patterns, and the order to paint the helmets came from up high.

"The gist of Order II Number 91,366 on July 7, 1918, signed by German Quartermaster General Erich Ludendorff, was that helmets would be painted in several colors in keeping with the season," Cart told FoxNews.com. "Finger-wide black dividing lines between the colors were part of the regulation. The patterns and colors used varied widely."

Related: How the modern combat helmet was born in the trenches of France

The German patterns were widely copied by the Americans who went "over there," and many artistic soldiers created a variety of unique camouflage patterns. However, American helmets were likely painted not for use in trenches, but more for the boat ride home and the subsequent victory parades. But the use of camouflage helmets likely helped inspire future American camouflage patterns.

World War II to Vietnam

By the outbreak of World War II, the U.S. military had done little in the way of developing camouflage. American soldiers were wearing khaki, but not as camouflage. Khaki uniforms had become the universal "summer" field uniform for the U.S. Army and United States Marine Corps  and in the latter case, it even had a British connection.

"The Marine Corps Depot actually imported English Khaki for officers uniforms and used U.S. made khaki for the enlisted uniforms prior to the war," Alec Tulkoff, author of "Grunt Gear: USMC Combat Infantry Equipment of World War II," told FoxNews.com.

The United States Corps of Engineers was working on camouflage in 1940, but in July, 1942, General Douglas MacArthur called for the production of 15,000 jungle camouflage uniforms for use in the Pacific Theater. The chosen pattern was by Norvell Gillespie, a horticulturist and garden editor of Better Homes and Gardens. It consisted of a spot design of greens and browns, and was reversible to a tan/brown variation that could be used in fall and early spring conditions. It featured five colors in total and was nicknamed frogskin for its spotty pattern.

"The first large-scale combat usage of camouflage by the Marine Corps during WWII took place during the Solomon Island Operations, specifically on Bougainville in November of 1943," Tulkoff told FoxNews.com. "These uniforms were extremely well suited for the dense jungle and foliage on the island. However in contrast, several weeks later the invasion of the island of Tarawa, which was a small sandy island with little vegetation other than palm trees created little opportunity for the camouflage to be effective."

The vast differences between the islands and the toll that the environment took on clothing eventually led to camouflage uniforms being removed as standard combat equipment. The same pattern only saw limited usage by the U.S. Army in Europe.

Ironically, one reason that the U.S. Army didn't use camouflage widely in Europe was because the German military was using a variety of patterns  and there was concern that soldiers in camouflage attire would be mistaken for the enemy.

A number of trials occurred in the 1950s, but after the experiences in the Pacific, it was determined that one camouflage pattern wouldn't be suited to all terrains. Instead, soldiers were issued basic olive green (OG) shade 107 cotton uniforms. Just as helmets had been painted in World War I to break out the distinct outline, camouflage covers were kept in use.

Related: Historic tanks in pictures

"Camouflage helmet covers continued to be used through the war and then through Korea and Vietnam, even when camouflage uniforms were not being issued," added Tulkoff.

In Vietnam, the American M1 steel helmet was issued with a cover that featured the USMC Mitchell pattern, which consisted of overlapping dark brown, russet, beige, light brown & ochre "leaf" shapes on a tan background. This pattern was tested for uniforms, but rejected and only widely used with the helmet covers.

There were some exceptions in Southeast Asia where the Long Range Reconnaissance Patrols (LRRP), as well as U.S. Navy seals utilized "Leaf-pattern" camouflage uniforms in a limited capacity. In addition, members of the Reconnaissance Team Zeta, which conducted covert cross-border operations under the auspices of the Military Assistance Command Vietnam's Studies and Observation Group (MACV-SOG) often wore private-purchase "tiger stripe" camouflage that was never officially used by the U.S. Army.

After Vietnam, the U.S. Army Engineer Research and Development Laboratory (ERDL) developed a general purpose jungle camouflage that consisted of mid-brown and grass green organic shapes with black "branches" on a lime green background. This pattern has been widely copied and is still in use throughout the world. It was developed at a time when it was believed that the next major conflict would be against the Warsaw Pact in Europe.

Desert Camouflage to the Modern Day

At the end of the Cold War, it seemed that the U.S. and NATO might not be engaged in conflict in Europe, and the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990 only further reinforced that sentiment. The U.S. Army developed the Desert Battle Dress Uniform (DBDU) camouflage in 1977, which utilized a six-color scheme that became known as the "chocolate chip" pattern because it looked like cookie dough. The DBDU camouflage was officially introduced in the 1990s and used during Operation Desert Storm in 1991 and Operation Restore Hope in Somalia in 1993. However, since it was developed in the rocky desert of California, it didn't blend in with the sandy deserts of the Middle East and East Africa. The U.S. Military went back to the drawing board and developed a three-color pattern known as Desert Camouflage Uniform (DCU)  nicknamed "coffee stain" by some U.S. personnel.

In developing the DCU, desert soil samples from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait were examined, and it was widely adopted by the late 1990s. The DCU was used in the October 2001 Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.

While the DCU was considered an improvement over the DBDU, the U.S. Military sought to standardize the camouflage so that one Army Combat Uniform (ACU) could be worn in any environment. This led to the development of the U.S. Army's Universal Camouflage Pattern (UCP), which blended tan, gray and green to work equally well in desert, woodland, and even urban environments. The United States Marine Corps developed its own version in the Marine Pattern (MARPAT), while Canadian Forces utilized a similar pattern.

What is unique about the UCP is that black is omitted from the uniform after it was found to be highly visible to both to the naked eye and modern optics. Instead several shades of gray are incorporated. This pattern is sometimes known as a "digital camouflage" as the colors resemble computer pixels.

The effectiveness of the pattern was largely questioned however, and in July 2014 the Army announced that the seemingly high-tech digital camo was out and Scorpion W2 was back in. The irony here is that the OCP was actually developed as part of the Object Force Warrior program in 2002.

With the introduction of OCP, it is clear that camo has come a long ways from khaki and drab colors.Fox Nation:

Bill O'Reilly in his "Talking Points Memo" Wednesday night called the United States "a lawless nation" for defying federal immigration law.

O'Reilly called out the Senate Democrats as well as the elected officials in San Francisco for playing politics.

Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz responded to the "Talking Points" and also commented on the speaker's race, George W. Bush's alleged comments about him, and the upcoming debate.

Watch O'Reilly Talking Points and Cruz's response above and sound off below!One of the New York judges who helped send a suspected cop killer to rehab instead of jail five months ago said Friday that the deadly shooting "breaks her heart" and that she is "truly sorry."

Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Patricia Nuñez told The New York Post that she will address the issue further at a Nov. 12 court date for the suspect, Tyrone Howard. The paper reported that Howard was freed despite a history of three felony sale convictions and the urging of prosecutors in the drug case.

Officer Randolph Holder's killing Tuesday has raised questions about the risks and potential shortcomings of drug courts, or drug diversion programs, which have been embraced nationwide as a way to ease jail overcrowding and reduce crime by attacking it at one of its sources: drug abuse.

New York's mayor and police commissioner have branded Howard a career criminal who had once been arrested in a 2009 gunfight on an East Harlem basketball court and should not have been out on the streets.

"He would have been the last person in New York City I would've wanted to see in the diversion program," Police Commissioner William Bratton said.

Yet another judge who handled the case said Howard  a longtime PCP user who despite his long rap sheet had no convictions for violent crimes  was a compelling candidate for drug court.

More on this... Mom of slain officer: Killing must stop, Blue lives matter

"I don't get a crystal ball when I get the robe," said state Supreme Court Justice Edward McLaughlin. He defended his decision as "accurate and appropriate," saying that doing time hadn't helped Howard before.

"He would have been the last person in New York City I would've wanted to see in the diversion program" - Police Commissioner William Bratton

He also said he was never made aware of the 2009 shooting case, which records show ultimately wasn't prosecuted against Howard. A law enforcement official who is familiar with the prosecution of the other defendant in that shooting, and who wasn't authorized to discuss the case publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity, said there was no eyewitness testimony placing Howard as the shooter.

Since their start in Miami in 1989, drug diversion programs have multiplied to 2,500 courts across the country, together handling about 120,000 cases a year, according to the federal National Office of Drug Control Policy.

The agency calls the programs "a proven tool for improving public health and public safety." President Obama mentioned them approvingly in a July speech, saying such programs can save taxpayer dollars.

Drug courts generally target nonviolent offenders who commit crimes to feed their addictions. The courts use treatment, drug testing, incentives and penalties to try to get defendants sober and straightened out.

"Drug courts are the most effective intervention in the justice system for individuals with substance abuse histories," Carson Fox, executive director of the National Association of Drug Court Professionals, said Wednesday.

Studies have credited drug courts with reducing recidivism and drug-use relapses. Some research estimates those reductions save society more money than the treatment costs, though some studies have found the opposite, according to a 2011 congressional report.

But some research has also found drug-court dropout rates of 60 percent, said David Lilley, a criminal justice professor at the University of Toledo.

And some prosecutors and police fear diversion sometimes ends up giving breaks to drug dealers who claim they're addicts to avoid prison.

"It's critically important that you get the right people" into drug court, said Jim Pasco, executive director of the national Fraternal Order of Police. "You're making life-changing decisions for the subject and potentially life-threatening decisions for the public."

At 30, Howard has been arrested more than two dozen times since he was 13 and sentenced to state prison twice since 2007 for drug possession and sale. One term came after he tried unsuccessfully for drug court in a 2011 case charging him with smoking PCP while carrying 22 bags of crack cocaine. Howard eventually pleaded guilty to drug possession.

In October 2014, he was charged with selling crack to an undercover officer. He was swept up as part of a larger drug case. Prosecutors sought six years behind bars.

But after reviewing Howard's record, troubled home life and longtime addiction, McLaughlin agreed to refer his case for evaluation for drug court, where another judge OK'd Howard for the program.

McLaughlin said he didn't learn about the 2009 gunbattle until this week. Howard was believed to have shot and wounded another man, Dan Evans, according to court papers. Evans was eventually convicted in the wounding of two bystanders, plus a 2006 murder.

The record doesn't explain why the case against Howard was dropped, and the district attorney's office hasn't commented. But the law enforcement official said no one identified Howard as a shooter except Evans, the defendant.

After being approved for drug court, Howard was released on $35,000 bail in February and pleaded guilty to the drug charge in May.

He started missing monthly status meetings and various court dates in August, then became a suspect in a Sept. 1 shooting. An arrest warrant was issued Sept. 17, and police tried 10 times to locate him, authorities said.

Then, on Tuesday, Holder and his partner caught up with him while chasing after a bicycle thief, police said. Holder, 33, was shot in the head; Howard was wounded in the leg as police returned fire.

Howard's lawyer, Brian Kennedy, has said there are "a lot of missing details" in the case.

The Associated Press contributed to this reportFirst Installment of Series to Focus on Las Vegas

FOX News Channel (FNC) will launch a half-hour weekend real estate series entitled, Bob Massi is the Property Man on Saturday, July 11th at 12PM/ET, announced Roger Ailes, Chairman and CEO, FOX News.

Hosted by FNCs legal analyst and Las Vegas real estate attorney Bob Massi, the series will showcase the various facets of the housing industry and feature several experts who will break down the current property trends and pricing deals. Additionally, Massi will offer practical advice to locally-based businesses and families who have encountered difficult real estate situations following the housing crisis. An encore presentation of the program will be presented every Sunday at 3PM/ET.

In making the announcement, Ailes said, Bob Massi will provide our viewers with invaluable insight and expertise on the trends of a constantly shifting real estate market. We are pleased to have him join our weekend lineup.

The first installment of the series will focus on the Las Vegas real estate market, which is rebounding from the dramatic declines it suffered during the financial crisis. Massi will analyze how Las Vegas is leading the way in rebuilding the American dream and examine what people can do financially to recover from the housing crisis.

Massi runs his own law firm, Robert Massi & Associates, in Nevada and has been an FNC legal analyst since 1998. Additionally, he hosts a one-hour syndicated radio talk show, A Laymans Guide to the Law heard on KDWN-AM in Las Vegas. He is also the author of People Get Screwed All the Time: Protecting Yourself from Scams, Fraud, Identity Theft, Fine Print and More and has presented more than 400 seminars on issues around the country.

FOX News Channel (FNC) is a 24-hour all-encompassing news service dedicated to delivering breaking news as well as political and business news. A top five cable network, FNC has been the most-watched news channel in the country for more than 13 years and according to Public Policy Polling, is the most trusted television news source in the country. Owned by 21st Century Fox, FNC is available in more than 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre.

###

FOX News Media Contact:

Carly Shanahan/212.301.3851In this weeks FAST FORWARD, FOX Business Networks Jo Ling Kent is hooking you up. It seems like there is a dating app for everyone and every strategy and if the choice seems overwhelmingthats because it is! There are over 500 dating apps in Apples app store. One of them is Hinge. Justin McLeod, is the founder and CEO and hes here to talk to Jo about the new way his app is making love connections and why he says he isnt competing with Tinder.

In the Reboot segment, Jo is talking Tesla and whats making investors lose interest in the brand.

Plus, have you ever used social media to complain about an airline? Jo dishes on whos reading all your grievances.

Subscribe and get automatic downloads of this podcast on iTunes

Join FOX Business Networks Jo Ling Kent with this edition of Fast Forward

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

FAST FORWARD is a podcast on tech, innovation and media. Every week, FAST FORWARD, digs into todays stories with the most dynamic leaders and voices. Featuring the inventors, innovators and investors who shape the future while we wait patiently in the present, we leverage our Fox Business intel to explore what happened, why and whats coming next. And robots. Lots of robots.

Follow Jo on Twitter @JoLingKent #FOXFastForward

Click here for more Fast Forward with Jo Ling KentHold onto your wallet  and your personal information. High profile data breaches at companies like Sony (SNE), Anthem (ANTM) and Ashley Madison, and the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) may be just the tip of the iceberg. Experts say cyberattacks will continue to increase this year and beyond  as businesses struggle to protect themselves from data breaches and criminals become increasingly successful in targeting and stealing our sensitive information.

Data is the new oil, says Ed Cabrera, Trend Micro V.P. of Cybersecurity Strategy. Its the preferred commodity of the deep web underground economy and has been for over a decade with no signs of easing.

Erik Knight, CEO of SimpleWan (a cloud-based monitored firewall company) says the average business is unaware they are being hit with more than 10,000 attempted intrusions a day; potentially putting consumer data at risk.

While studies show Americans are concerned about cyber security, were making some big mistakes when it comes to protecting our personal information. Choosing a weak password, clicking on suspicious emails, disclosing too much information on social media and using public Wi-Fi to conduct secure transactions  these are among the actions that can make us vulnerable to hackers. Javelin Strategy & Research's 2015 Identity Fraud Report found that two in three people affected by data breaches become identity theft victims.

As the Internet of Things (IOT) becomes more popular, experts say IOT could be one of the next big targets for cyber criminals and your personal data. From baby monitors, to home security systems and televisions - anything that connects to your Wi-Fi network is a potential gateway for a hacker. Websense advises consumers to buy devices with security built-in.

And Yuri Frayman and Einaras Gravrock are taking on cyber thieves with CUJO  a smart device they say guards your home devices from hacks. It takes [only] 20 minutes before criminals attempt to hack your newly connected devices, says co-founder Yuri Frayman. More often than not, they will succeed.

In addition, mobile payments represent a new and unexplored opportunity for thieves. Eighty-seven percent of cybersecurity experts surveyed by ISACA (Information Systems Audit and Control Association)say they expect an increase in mobile payment data breaches over the next 12 months. Two-factor authentication is one way to protect yourself when using your mobile device. Not only are you required to enter your user name and password, but also another piece of identifying information. This could be a pin code or a finger print, as found on newer models of Apples (AAPL) iPhones, iPads and other digital devices.

But dont be fooled. Even with numerous protections in place, theres always the possibility you can become a victim. Experts say the question isnt if a company will be hit by a cyberattack, but when  so consumers need to force companies into action with their dollars. Companies themselves don't value your data as much as you do, so it is up to you to protect your own data, says Ken Stasiak, CEO of management consulting firm SecureState. So until consumers can find a way to exert pressure on these companies to improve, breaches are a common fact of life that just has to be accepted.

Linda Bell joined FOX Business Network (FBN) in September 2014 as an Assignment Editor after more than a decade at Bloomberg News. She is an award-winning journalist/writer of personal finance content. You can follow her on Twitter @lindanbell.By John S. Roberts, Young Conservatives

I dont get offended at anything because Im a grown man and sticks and stones and what not, but this is unreal!



From Breitbart via WZ:



A high school in Arizona has banned pro-Donald Trump clothing at a Friday football game because it would be racist or offensive.

What do you do when someone tells you they're lonely? Invite them round for coffee: https://t.co/rMNJ62pxqU#BillDaypic.twitter.com/OjLQqhyDYD  BBC Radio Solent (@BBCRadioSolent) October 21, 2015

Bill phoned BBC Radio Solent. He was upset, lonely and missing his wife.Alex decided to invite him in.We sent a cab to pick him up, have a listen to what happened next. Posted by BBC Radio Solent on Wednesday, October 21, 2015

Grab your tissues for this one.In London, a local BBC radio station invited in an elderly gentleman after he called the station telling them he missed his wife.BBC Radio host Alex Dyke spoke to 95-year-old listener Bill, who was missing his wife after she had fell last year and was placed in assisted living.In the Facebook video below , you learn that Bill and his wife, who had known each other for more than 30 years, just recently got married. However, when his wife hurt herself, she had to go to a nursing home which left Bill with no one to talk to.The folks at BBC Radio Solent knew Bill was lonely and upset and called him a cab and invited him into the studio with them. Broadcast assistant Chris Hitchings told BuzzFeed that he just didn't think he had anyone else to talk to, "He's such a nice guy and was lovely."Here's to hoping Bill gets even more air time!An Ohio dad frustrated with Common Core cut a check to voice his disapproval, and got more than his money's worth after posting a picture on his Facebook page.

Exasperated with a math style that has bedeviled parents around the country, Doug Herrmann, of Painesville, made out a check to Milridge Elementary, filling out the "amount" line with a dizzying array of zeroes and x's in boxes. Although he told Fox8.com that he tore the check up and later seemed reluctant to lead the charge against Common Core, it was too late after the photo went viral.

"I'm social media exhausted!" Herrmann wrote on his Facebook page after the image of the check was shared thousands of times. "I was just making a "funny" with the check. You want my real thoughts on Common Core...if you "have" to teach it, keep it in the classroom. Homework should be reading, writing, science, gym (I'm really good at gym) and art (I suck at art) but I can't help my kids with Common Core."

"I'm social media exhausted! I was just making a "funny" with the check." - Doug Herrmann, Painesville, Oh., father

The Common Core standards, first proposed a decade ago by a coalition of governors and school superintendents, are math and English benchmarks describing what students should know after completing each grade. Supporters insist that the standards are needed to ensure some uniformity across the nation, but critics say testing for national standards indirectly dictates curriculum, which they say undermines local control of education. More than 40 states initially signed on to Common Core, but several have repealed participation amid pressure from parents.

Herrmann was not the first parent to be flummoxed by math techniques that bear little resemblance to old school arithmetic.

One test question that garnered parental scorn asked, "Tell how to make 10 when adding 8+5."

The student wrote, You cannot make 10 with 8 + 5, to which the teacher apparently replied in blue ink, Yes you can. Take 2 from 5 and add it to 8 (8+2=10) Then add 3.

Glyn Wright, executive director of Eagle Forum, told FoxNews.com last year before school began that math was one of Common Core's weakest points.

The math standard focuses on investigative math, which has been shown to be a disaster, Wright said. With the new math standard in the Common Core, there are no longer absolute truths. So 3 times 4 can now equal 11 so long as a student can effectively explain how they reached that answer.

Stanford Prof. James Milgram, the only mathematician on the Common Core Validation Committee, refused to sign off on the math standards, calling the whole thing in large measure a political document during testimony he gave in May 2011 in which he advocated for Texas not to adopt the Common Core standards.

I had considerable influence on the mathematics standards in the document. However, as is often the case, there was input from many other sources -- including State Departments of Education -- that had to be incorporated into the standards, he said during the testimony.

Earlier this month, a federal judge rejected GOP presidential candidate and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindals push to block federal officials from penalizing Louisiana if the state quits Common Core.

Opponents, including Jindal, said the standards are developmentally inappropriate and part of federal efforts to nationalize education. The Louisiana governor once supported the standards, but changed his position as Common Core became more unpopular in the GOP.

The Obama administration embraced the standards and encouraged states to use them.

Last school year, Common Core-aligned standardized tests marched forward, going from paper-and-pencil to the computer to allow for questions to adapt in difficulty based on a student's answer.

A new baseline of testing data was expected as a result. However, many states had technical issues with the electronic form that left them unable to complete the testing. Others saw an unprecedented spread of refusals. That means a new school year without complete testing data in many areas.

The Associated Press contributed to this reportSAN DIEGO (AP) Anthony Lawrence threw for 278 yards and four touchdowns on Saturday night, and San Diego scored the last 24 points to beat NAIA Warner 45-14.

The Toreros (5-2) led 21-14 early in the second quarter when Lawrence led consecutive touchdown drives before the break.

Jereke Armstrong added a third-quarter touchdown and Jack Flatau capped the scoring with a field goal early in the fourth.

Armstrong finished with 71 yards and Blake Martin led San Diego on the ground with 88 yards and a score. Ross Dwelley had five catches for 75 yards and a touchdown. Justin Priest added five catches for 71 yards and a TD.

Jeffrey Suarez Jr. had four receptions for 157 of Warner's 195 yards through the air. He scored both of the Royals' touchdowns including a 76-yarder in the first quarter.An inmate assaulted Colorado theater shooter James Holmes and a security officer at the state penitentiary, officials said Friday.

Adrienne Jacobson, a spokeswoman for the Colorado Department Corrections, told The Denver Post that inmate Mark Slim Daniels, 27, lunged at Holmes and took a few shots at him while the officer was escorting Holmes through a hallway on Oct. 8. Holmes was not injured.

It was in passing, she said.

Holmes was in a Management Control Unit, where hes allowed to spend four hours in a day hall. The Denver Post reports Holmes was attacked while the two inmates were passing each other in the hallway.

Jacobson told the Associated Press that Daniels will be disciplined during a hearing inside the Colorado State Penitentiary.

Daniels is serving time for several convictions, including menacing, auto theft, assault and smuggling contraband into prison.

A judge sentenced Holmes to life in prison without parole for killing 12 people and wounding 70 others at a movie theater in Aurora in July 2012.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Denver Post.You'll have to act fast if you want this quick pickup. The HSV GTS Maloo is poised to be the fastest ever pickup-style vehicle. The "ute" that it's based on is built by GM's Australian division and souped up by its partner Holden Special Vehicles. The $75,000 rear-wheel-drive two-seater is powered by the 580 hp 6.2-liter supercharged V8 from the Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 and gets a performance suspension and body kit to match. Official performance figures haven't be revealed, but the much less powerful last generation of the model set the current Guinness record for world's fastest pickup at 169 mph in 2006. HSV originally only planned to build 150 GTS Maloos, but they sold out so quickly that its looking to add another 100. That'll likely be it, as GM is ending production Down Under at the end of 2016 and this uniquely Australian vehicle is primed to be its bittersweet high-speed hooroo.Kennedy Meeks may have stolen the show for the second year in a row at Late Night with Roy. Bob Donnan / USA TODAY Sports

There was only way Kennedy Meeks could top his performance last year at Late Night with Roy.

On Friday, the North Carolina junior forward accompanied an a cappella group to sing Drake's hit single, "Hotline Bling."

Last year, Meeks rolled around the Dean Dome floor, lip-synching Whitney Houston's "I Will Always Love You."

The 6-foot-9 Meeks averaged 11.4 points and 7.3 boards last season for the Tar Heels.Peterson may not play on Sunday. Yardbarker

The Minnesota Vikings have downgraded running back Adrian Peterson to questionable for their game Sunday at Detroit due to an illness.

Peterson jammed the ring finger on his left hand last week against Kansas City. He was originally listed as probable to play the Lions because of that injury. The illness did not come into play until the Vikings made the announcement Saturday.

In 13 career games against the Lions, Peterson has rushed for 90 yards or more 10 times with 11 touchdowns. He's averaging 5.3 yards per attempt and 107 yards per game against Detroit.

The Vikings previously ruled defensive tackle Sharrif Floyd out of the game because of knee and ankle injuries.High water closures and actions to take News City of Houston activates pre-stages to prepare for flash flooding The City of Houston has activated the City's Emergency Operations Center (EOC) to assist City Departments and responding agencies as they coordinate the response to the heavy rain and flash flooding occurring this weekend. In addition, City response agencies have begun pre-staging assets citywide to assist in high water and swift water rescues.

- The City of Houston Emergency Operations Center Activated, City Pre-Stages Assets to Prepare for Flash Flooding

HOUSTON - The City of Houston has activated the City's Emergency Operations Center (EOC) to assist City Departments and responding agencies as they coordinate the response to the heavy rain and flash flooding occurring this weekend. In addition, City response agencies have begun pre-staging assets citywide to assist in high water and swift water rescues.



Conditions

With rainfall rates expected to reach 8-12 inches over the next few days and isolated totals exceeding 15 inches, the City expects to see street flooding and the potential for flash flood conditions over the next few days.

Residents are advised to avoid travel beginning Saturday afternoon through Monday morning, as rainfall materializes.

High-water and disabled vehicles are reported at the following locations:

1. Galveston Road (11H30) between Howard and Broadway-Westbound right lanes.

2. 7600 Bellerive Dr.@6100 Marinette Dr.

3. IH-610 @S. Post Oak (outbound)

4. 7500 MLK @ 5700 Van Fleet St.

5. Galveston Road between Howard and Broadway-Westbound right lanes.

6. I-45 North (Southbound) at Cypresswood (Entrance Ramp).

7. Richmond between Dunlavy & Kirby

8. I-10 @ Washington Ave/Westcott (westbound)

9. 5100 W. 34th @ Northwest FWY

10. 7300 Fondren Rd @ 7400 S.W. Frwy Outbound

11. Spur 5 @ Elgin Underpass

12. On Fondren at US 59/Bellaire

13. 59 NB at 610 North Loop

14. I-10 exit ramp to I-45

15. 59 Eastex at North Loop

16. Hwy 290 at FM 529



Actions to Take

The City is asking resident to avoid travel this evening and into Sunday, as significant rainfall is expected to cause flash flooding. A Flash Flood Watch is in effect until Monday morning for the City of Houston and surrounding areas.

Residents who must travel are asked to plan extra time, and to not drive through areas of high water. If water is too deep to see the street, it is too deep for a vehicle. It takes only 12 inches of water to float a vehicle, and cause a very dangerous situation.

Residents should be prepared to shelter-in-place if a Tornado Warning is issued for their area. This means they should seek shelter in an interior room on the lowest floor possible of their home.

Residents are asked to report flooding in streets and structures to Houston 311 by calling 311 (713.837.0311), online at houston311.org and using the Houston 311 Mobile App.Kevin Harvick drives his No. 4 Stewart-Haas Racing Chevrolet during practice at Talladega. Sarah Crabill Getty Images North America

Each of the Stewart-Haas Racing cars had issues clearing NASCAR technical inspection prior to Saturday's qualifying session at Talladega Superspeedway.

According to a NASCAR spokesman, there was an issue with the radiator inlets on the cars of Kevin Harvick, Kurt Busch, Danica Patrick and Tony Stewart.

The teams were forced to change out the part prior to qualifying, but all four cars eventually cleared inspection and NASCAR did not confiscate any parts.

According to the NASCAR spokesman, any possible penalties would be announced early next week. If the penalty results in a loss of points, it could have a big impact on the championship hopes of Harvick and Busch if they are able to advance to the Eliminator Round of the Chase.

If that is the case, the spokesman said the appeal process would be expedited and would likely take place prior to next weekend's race at Martinsville Speedway. Earlier this year, NASCAR expedited Kurt Busch's appeal after he was suspended ahead of the Daytona 500, getting it done over the course of an afternoon.While outdated compared to today's modern jet fighters, the Soviet-built MiG-21 was one of the most-produced supersonic jet aircraft in aviation history and the most-produced combat aircraft since the Korean War. It also had the longest production run of any combat aircraft as variants were built from 1959 to 1985. The jet remains in use with the Syrian Air Force and it is believed that ISIS has captured several of the Cold War-era fighters  yet no ISIS pilot has been brave (or perhaps stupid) enough to try to fly one. The example above is in the Cairo Military Museum (Photo: Peter Suciu)Billionaire businessman Kirk Kerkorian's mansion in Beverly Hills, CA, is on the market for $22 million. Kerkorian, who died in June at age 98, bought the property in 1998 for $3.5 million.

The 9,732-square-foot, double-gated home has two master suites, six bedrooms, and six bathrooms. Both the living room and dining room of the Mediterranean-style home open to a backyard featuring a tennis court and a guesthouse. Listing agent Vanessa Sandin will show the property to pre-qualified clients.

Kerkorian was the consummate American success story. The son of Armenian immigrants, he parlayed money he made ferrying planes to Britain during World War II into a business empire that began in aviation. He soon was credited with bringing the megaresort concept to Las Vegas.

Kerkorian made his mark building huge hotels in Las Vegas, beginning with the International Hotel in 1969, then the MGM Grand Hotel in 1973, and then the new MGM Grand in 1993. He also bought and sold MGM Studios three times and twice bought and sold United Artists. He made a takeover run at Chrysler and was a major General Motors shareholder at one point.

Forbes named him the 114th richest man in America in 2014 and noted that, before his death, he was the world's second-oldest living billionaire after David Rockefeller, who is 100.

Given his hard-charging business career, Kerkorian probably wouldn't have appreciated finishing second to Rockefeller, but he likely would've enjoyed seeing the profit his estate will realize on the sale of his 90210 mansion.Swedish authorities said Friday that the masked attacker who fatally stabbed a teacher and a student at a school was motivated by racism.

Police said they were classifying Thursday's attack in the industrial town of Trollhatan as a hate crime based on evidence discovered while searching the attacker's home, as well as the way he dressed, his behavior at the scene and the way he selected his victims.

"All together, this gives a picture that the perpetrator had a racist motive when he committed the crimes at Kronan school," police said in a statement.

The 21-year-old assailant, identified in Swedish media reports as Anton Lundin Pettersson, posed for pictures with students while wearing a military-style helmet and a black mask before beginning his deadly rampage. Authorities said he roamed the halls of the school, knocking on the doors of two classrooms and slashing those who opened them.

Panicked students fled the school, as police and ambulances rushed in. They found a dead male teacher and three people seriously wounded  two boys, aged 11 and 15, and another male teacher. Local newspaper GT, citing relatives, identified the deceased victims as 20-year-old Lavin Eskandar, a mentor at the school, and Ahmed Hassan, a 15-year-old student. The paper reported that Hassan was born in Somalia and moved with his family to Sweden in 2012. GT also reported that the injured boy, who has not been identified, had arrived in Sweden from Syria nine months ago.

Officers fired two shots, hitting the attacker with a bullet in the lower chest, and he died later at a hospital.

The attack stunned Sweden, where violent crime is relatively rare, though there has been a recent spate of arson attacks on asylum centers in the south of the country as the influx of refugees from Asia, Africa, and the Middle East has surged. Immigration officials estimate that some 190,000 foreigners will arrive this year, second only to Germany in western Europe.

Approximately 400 students attend the school, whose pupils range in age from preschool to high school. By end of 2013, 10,373 people in Trollhattan, a town of 56,000, were foreign-born, according to official figures, with most coming from the Middle East, the Balkans and Ethiopia. A majority of the students at Kronan are foreign-born.

The Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet reported that Pettersson had lived in Trollhattan for his entire life, but attended a different school from the one he attacked. A high school friend of Pettersson's told the paper that he almost always wore black or camouflage-patterned clothes. The paper also reported that after Pettersson left school, he cut off his hair and liked social media pages that celebrated Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany. He also reportedly signed a Facebook petition calling for a halt to all immigration into Sweden.

Aftonbladet also reported that Pettersson had no criminal record before the attack and was not known to the police. One investigator was quoted as telling Dagens Nyheter, "He's a blank paper for us." Neighbors approached by the paper described him as a pleasant person who often greeted them with a smile.

Sweden's last school attack was in 1961, when a 17-year-old man opened fire at a school dance hall in the southwestern part of the country, wounding seven students, one of whom died later. Violent crime is rare in the country, which has strict gun-control laws. In 2013, there were 87 homicides reported in Sweden, a country of some 10 million people.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from Aftonbladet.President Obama sends a message to the GOP-led Congress in the form of a veto stamp. Saying no to a bill that stifles his top priorities.

FOX News Radios Gurnal Scott has the story:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

President Obama says hes sending the $612-billion defense policy bill back to Capitol Hill because it falls short on several key issues. He wants to untie the Pentagons hands.

(President Obama) To eliminate the sequester and make sure that were providing certainty to our military.

But he says bill resorts to gimmicks that compromise security. The President takes issue with another aspect

(President Obama) This legislation specifically impedes our ability to close Guantanamo.

A key campaign promise the GOP has opposed since his first term. Republican leaders say theyll seek to override the veto.

Gurnal Scott, FOX News Radio.Cris 'Cyborg' takes aim at Ronda Rousey for talking bad about everybody.

Cris "Cyborg" Justino has engaged in a war of words with Ronda Rousey for years, but lately the Brazilian fighter is getting a little tired of hearing the UFC bantamweight champion talk bad about anybody and everybody who crosses her path.

Typically when Rousey addresses "Cyborg" she mentions her 2011 positive drug test for steroids and says that the Brazilian fighter could easily cut to bantamweight if she gave up the performance-enhancing substances.

Now the former Strikeforce champion is firing back, wondering why Rousey has become so volatile towards anyone and everyone she talks about these days, from her to pound-for-pound boxing king Floyd Mayweather.

"Ronda's always doing interviews and talking bad about somebody," Cyborg said in a recent interview on Sirius XM. "She talks bad about the ring girls in the UFC, she talks about (Floyd) Mayweather and his domestic violence -- and I think you have to look at yourself before you diss somebody."

"Cyborg" believes Rousey should be raising the bar by keeping her statements more positive and focusing on the good things she's doing rather than tearing down those around her.

She knows Rousey is seen as a huge role model to young girls, but "Cyborg" says if the message the UFC champion sends out to the world is always negative, it's going to influence those people who look at her as a role model.

"Everybody looks at her as an example," Justino said. "A lot of little girls -- I hope she realizes that she's an example and a lot of people see her when she does something like this. Yeah, she's doing this to a lot of people.

"She should just talk good about herself, not other people, her coach, her ex-boyfriend, Mayweather, she should just say good about herself. I don't think it's right."

"Cyborg" might have a chance to shut Rousey up if she can make the cut down to bantamweight in 2016 for a fight that would undoubtedly be one of the biggest in MMA history.

Currently, "Cyborg" is in the throes of a cut down to 140 pounds for her next fight in Invicta FC, but she's already under contract to Zuffa (parent company for the UFC) and if she is able to slim down to 135 pounds, the matchup with Rousey can finally become a reality.Its a video that could warm even the coldest of hearts - Koko the gorilla, famous for her knowledge of sign language, stroking and cuddling a pair of adorable kittens.

The 44-year old gorilla, who has no babies, has adopted the kittens, as shown in a heartwarming video posted to YouTube this week. The video shows Koko meeting a litter of kittens and gently stroking one of her new feline friends, named Ms. Gray.

The great ape also adopted a second kitten, named Ms. Black.

Related: Rare snub-nosed monkey among new species discovered in Eastern Himalayas

Koko got her birthday wish this July 4th  not only did one kitten come to visit, but a whole litter, explains Kokoflix, in a YouTube post accompanying the video. Koko fell in love with one, and the other fell in love with her. Koko has adopted these two kittens into her family, and it has energized her world.

Kokoflix notes that, in addition to Kokos maternal and play instincts kicking in, the gorilla is also signing more to her own caregivers.

Koko has had kittens as pets before  her first kitten, named All Ball, was struck by a car and killed after escaping from the gorillas cage in 1984.

The gorilla, who is supported by the Gorilla Foundation, lives in Redwood City, Calif.

Koko and her kittens will feature in a BBC documentary scheduled for release in early 2016.Miranda Lambert

The country singer refused to give up drinking so instead she swapped chicken for steak and watched her portions.

"I spent my 20s on a roller coaster  my yo-yo weight, working all the time and partying. I just wanted to get healthier and go into my 30s in the best shape I could be in," she told People.

So what does hubby Blake Shelton think of his wife's slimmer figure?

"He said, 'I have never had a problem with any way you look at any point  you are beautiful to me at any size and every size,' " she explained. "But he has been proud of my hard work on this. He brags on me. That makes me feel great."

(Reuters)Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com

Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com

By Hollie McKay, Fox News

The Texas teen who set off a firestorm by bringing a re-assembled clock to his Dallas-area school, then announced through his family plans to leave the country they accuse of anti-Islamic bigotry, may not find his new digs in Qatar so nice, either.

Ahmed Mohamed, who earned the nickname Clock Boy as well as a White House invitation from President Obama, is headed to the Gulf nation, where he has been given a scholarship at the Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development. The 14-year-olds family announced they will accompany him to the new home, which is a world away from Texas  in more ways than one.This helmet was designed to provide the virtues of the Model 2 with the ease in production of the British MkI. Its dome protected the wearer's head while not impairing the vision. About 2,000 of these experimental helmets were produced by the firm of Hale and Kilburn Company. This helmet design actually saw limited testing in the trenches in France at the end of World War I. In the end it was deemed to look too much like the German M16 helmet and thus not adopted by the U.S. Army. (Collection of the author)Expedia's online travel sites are introducing tools designed to show the true cost of flying even when it comes to the small items.

Called Upgrade Options, the features announced Tuesday will list fees for checking bags and canceling a reservation in addition to the ticket fare. Those fees typically remain hidden until a traveler is ready to buy a ticket. The site will include free perks like snacks, Wi-Fi, checked and carry on bags, or seating options that come with upgrades people can purchase for an additional fee.

Related Image Expand / Contract

A Baggage Calculator will also be available, allowing passengers to get real-time access to baggage fees and airline requirements.

The company said in a release the enhancements are "part of a broader investment to build a comprehensive comparison marketplace for flights."

The initial rollout includes a partnership with Delta in the U.S. and Airberlin in Europe, although the company says more airlines will be included in the coming months.

Added airline fees have been a sore spot for travelers since American Airlines began charging to check bags seven years ago. Last year alone, baggage and cancellation fees generated $6.5 billion in revenue for airlines.

Expedia is hoping the move is a way to address the growing frustration at the lack of accountability in what flyers have to actually pay for a flight.

Its also betting that the additional transparency will help its sites, which also include Travelocity, Orbitz and Hotwire, to stand out from rivals like Priceline.com's Kayak and Google's extensive index of flight information.

The tool is expected to be available to Expedia.com customers in the U.S. by the end of 2015.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Latinos have been portrayed as single-issue voters and at times weve been guilty of reinforcing the stereotype that all we care about is immigration reform. As the daughter of two immigrants, I strongly support the need for immigration reform. I, like most Americans, also care deeply about education, the economy, health care, climate change and the conflict in the Middle East.

So why are Latinos sidelined from these policy debates by the media and our elected officials?

I have seen firsthand how both political parties have used our community as a political football. Now more than ever, the two parties are leveraging important issues for their own gain while neglecting any sort of sensible resolution. - Armida Lopez

I am a young Latina millennial woman in Phoenix, Arizona. My parents migrated to the U.S. from Mexico to work in agriculture over 30 years ago. Farm work is rigorous physical labor, with long hours and little pay. My father spent 20 years of his life in the fields. He also marched alongside one of the greatest community organizers in the history of the U.S., Cesar Chavez, to try and end injustice against farmworkers.

The cutting edge issue for my fathers generationfor the Cesar Chavez generationwas addressing our invisibility as a community and the blatant discrimination we faced. I believe with equal passion that if we are to respect and honor the struggle and sacrifice of my parents generation, then we must develop new approaches and chart new political pathways.

For them, forming a partnership with the Democratic Party made sense. They were the party of civil rights, of JFK, and the Voting Rights Act. The Chavez generation believed that political power, voting rights, economic development, immigration reform, and education for our community could be achieved by joining the Democratic Party coalition.

I believe it was the right decision at the time, but one thats long past due to be reevaluated as we face complex questions. How do we continue to advance our community, develop our voice, expand our franchise and address our issues in a climate of deep partisan dysfunction and gridlock?

Do we continue to focus on electing Democrats, or do we need to change our strategy? What does it mean that 50 percent of Latinos under the age of 30 now identify as political independents and many more dont believe either party speaks for them?

I want to play a role in answering these questions for my Latino community. This summer I left my job at a non-profit helping youth aging out of the foster care system to become the Latino Outreach Coordinator for Arizona Open Primaries because I know now that in order to better help the vulnerable populations that I served, we need to make huge changes to our government system.

We must have a government that is willing to see past gridlock and focus on producing legislation that has the publics interest, the Latinos interest, at the forefront. My goal is to recruit Latinos from across the state to joinand leada campaign to move Arizona from a partisan to a nonpartisan electoral system.

I made this move with eyes wide open, knowing that both the Democratic and Republican parties stand opposed to shifting power from the parties to the people. I understand that most Latino elected officials believe that we must stay the course and focus on increasing Latino voter turnout, not changing the system itself. And I will be the first one to tell you that open primaries are not a cure all nor a magic wand. They will not magically create immigration reform, economic development, better school funding  all the issues we care about.

What I do know is this. We cannot make progress under the old rules. In 2014, half of Latinos were never even contacted by candidates running for office. The reason so many Latinos dont vote is because they understand the game is rigged and the outcomes pre-determined in most elections. Increasing voter turnout is not a function of registering more people to vote. If we had a competitive, nonpartisan electoral system in which Latino votes mattered, our community would participate more.

In states like California and Nebraska, where they have nonpartisan election systems, we are not sidelined. When California adopted nonpartisan primaries, Latino candidates increased by 50 percent. In nonpartisan systems, our leaders are empowered with the independence to consider new legislative approaches, create new conversations, and reach out more broadly in crafting policy. We can form coalitions based on need, not party loyalty.

I am making a conscious decision to say 'No' to the status quo. I have seen firsthand how both political parties have used our community as a political football. Now more than ever, the two parties are leveraging important issues for their own gain while neglecting any sort of sensible resolution. I have had enough!

If both parties are not willing to get something done then its time for Latinos in America to stand up to disrupt the government system and take control of our own future.

Armida Lopez is the Latino Outreach Coordinator for Open Primaries Arizona, a movement to support nonpartisan elections in Arizona.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramBond star Daniel Craig has told how he flew into a jealous rage after a man pinched his girlfriends bottom in a bar.

The actor said that, unlike his movie character, he tries to avoid violence.

But he admitted that he has always hated men eyeing up his girlfriends  and lost his cool when a perv tried it on with his girlfriend on holiday in France.

Craig, 47, who returns to screens next week in the 24th 007 film "Spectre," revealed: I play a tough guy, but thats not me. Ive always been good at avoiding fights.

But someone looking at my girl in the wrong way always got me going. I still get jealous, but not how I used to.

I was in a bar in France once and this guy pinched my girls ass and I flew across the room and kind of lifted the guy up.

More on this... Daniel Craig Parades New Range Rover Around New York

These days Im much more happy to have a quiet word with someone.

Im in love, Im happy. And thats as far as Im prepared to go.

He married "The Mummy" actress Rachel Weisz, 45, four years ago.

First review of new Bond movie Spectre

Before a "Spectre" preview in central London last night, Daniel recorded a radio interview with Nick Grimshaw  and revealed that director Sam Mendes was still making emergency edits to "Spectre."

The film also stars Naomie Harris as Eve Moneypenny.

And Craig revealed that Oscar-winner Mendes, who also masterminded the 2012 Bond hit "Skyfall," was working on the film just nine days before its world premiere at Londons Royal Albert Hall.

In the interview airing today on the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show, he said: Sam finished editing the movie on Saturday, which is the wettest print  because we release next Monday.

He added: However long it takes to shoot 30 seconds, which can be a day, we have to have one suit for that day, one suit for the next day.

Every stage of the fight has a different suit. We can get through 30 suits for one sequence.

He went on to reveal that he had to completely give up on family life while shooting the movie.

He said: Im away from home for eight months so you have to. Theres no other way of doing it. My family hate me. Theyre just starting to forgive me now.

This story first appeared in The Sun.Shuffle through the latest FOX News Radio podcasts to add to your favorites.

Greta Talk: Sit back and enjoy listening to lively and fascinating conversations with Greta van Susteren, host of FOX News Channels On the Record.

Morton Kondracke has teamed up with his former co-host of Fox News Channels The Beltway Boys once again, but this time he and Fred Barnes have opted for a different medium: literature. The duo has written a new book about one of their heroes and all-around bleeding-heart conservative Jack Kemp, and Greta Van Susteren sat down with Kondracke to get the scoop.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

@Greta #GretaTalk

Click here for more from Greta Talk

Fast Forward: Join FOX Business Networks Jo Ling Kent as she digs into stories on tech, innovation, media, and robots. Lots of robots.

In this weeks FAST FORWARD, FOX Business Networks Jo Ling Kent dishes on the scandal rocking the fantasy football world. Two class action lawsuits have been filed against the biggest names in fantasy sports: Draft Kings and FanDuel. At first glance, the future of fantasy football might look like its been hanging in the balance lately, but as Jo explainsAmericas new favorite pastime isnt going anywhere.

Jo also sits down with GLAMSQUAD CEO and GILT co-founder Alexandra Wilkis Wilson to discuss the newest way to get your perfect look. Glamsquad allows you to book an appointment with beauty professionals who come right to your door! Its one of the newest start-ups joining the service on-demand trend. Like Uber, it commissions independent contractors to perform servicesbut just how fair is the compensation and benefits for the workers? Jo digs deep to find out.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

@JoLingKent #FOXFastForward

Click here for more Fast Forward with Jo Ling Kent

Housecall for Health: A comprehensive check-up on the latest health stories making the rounds.

If time were dollars how much does a trip to the doctors office cost you? We take a look at a new study on that. Also in this weeks Housecall for Health: how your height can affect you health, a push for more baby-friendly hospitals, and more.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

#HousecallforHealth

Click here for more from Housecall for Health

Status Updates  Videos Gone Viral: The pulse of whats trending now on social media.

While unemployment continues to plague the country, there seems to be no shortage of strange videos trending on YouTube. Coincidence? In this trending clip, a woman teaches someone wearing an inflatable T-Rex costume how to dance the Macarena. And, its a viral sensation.

Forget limitless information and instant communication. This next video is further proof why the Internet exists

A young girl is sitting on the floor playing the flute when a cat shows up and pounces, pulling on the musicians arm and looking angrily at the camera. After a pause, pun intended, the girl resumes playing and the Randy Orton of cats returns.

Looking to lose another minute of your life? This trending clip shows hamsters scampering around a diorama of the Central Perk coffee shop, while graphics introduce the vermin with cutsey names like Jennifer Hamsterson. The laugh out loud moment? Wait for it David Schwimmer. The only cast member to appear in human form, whos credit role scene is randomly spliced in. Poor Ross.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

@FaulknerFOXNews #ViralVideos

Click here for more Viral Videos from Status Updates

FOX Country: Scooping country music stars grabbing the news spotlight.

The 49th annual CMA Awards look to shine the spotlight on the lady of country, Fort Lauderdales Tortuga Music Fest lineup heats up this spring, and Trisha Yearwood goes to Graceland

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

@MichelleFOXENT #FOXCountry

Click here for more from FOX Country

FOX In The Fast Lane: Chasing the headlines of all things NASCAR.

Its off to the Jayhawk State as a key race in Kansas could go a long way to determining who might qualify for the next round of The Chase.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

#FOXintheFastLane

Click here for more from FOX in the Fast Lane

A Few Moments With: A Few Moments With is designed as a free-form interview series. The guests come from all over  the worlds of entertainment, government, science, business, and just about anywhere that we find interesting people with something to say.

AFMW: Ed Klein New York Times bestselling author Ed Klein sits down to spend A Few Moments With FOX News Radios Tonya J. Powers to discuss his latest book Unlikeable: The Problem With Hillary an expose on Hillary Clinton and her bid for the White House. The second Hillary-centric book for Klein, who is one of Americas most respected investigative journalists.

Unlikeable will immediately draw readers in, whisking them behind closed doors, revealing in colorful detail and meticulously recreated conversations the plots and secret plans hatched at the Clinton homes in Chappaqua and Whitehaven and in the family quarters of the White House.

You cant make this stuff up Klein told Powers, adding that he finds Hillary unlikeable but not necessarily unelectable. This book is a definite must read.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

@Tonyajpowers

#AFMW

Click here for more A Few Moments With interviews

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.A new study showing some inconsistencies in some of the prescribing practices of physicians. Also in this weeks Housecall for Health: the little pink pill hits pharmacy shelves, and how dining out can affect your hearing.

FOX News Radios Pam Wentworth reports in Housecall for Health:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

CLICK HERE for more Housecall for HealthFOX News Channel (FNC) has hired former U.S. Navy SEAL Rob ONeill as a contributor, announced Roger Ailes, Chairman and CEO for the network. In this role, ONeill will offer military expertise and analysis across various daytime and primetime programs. He was profiled in a FOX News documentary last year entitled, The Man Who Killed Usama Bin Laden.

In making the announcement, Ailes said, Rob ONeill is an American hero who dedicated his life to serving our country and protecting our freedoms. Its incredibly rare to have someone in a television contributor role with his leadership experience and expertise at the fighting unit level. His military insight will be a major asset to the network and we are honored to have him.

During his career in the Navy, ONeill has served as a team leader within the Naval Special Warfare Development Group, also known as SEAL Team Six, and completed more than 400 different combat missions within four theaters of war. ONeill was deployed more than a dozen times and led the militarys best individuals in many high-profile operations, including the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama and Operation Neptunes Spear.

ONeill, who is said to have fired the shots that killed Usama Bin Laden, is a highly-decorated combat veteran. He has received more than 52 military decorations, including two Silver Stars, four Bronze Stars with Valor, a Joint Service Commendation Medal with Valor, three Presidential Unit citations and two Navy/Marine Corps Commendations with Valor.

Since being honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy in 2012, ONeill has provided leadership advice and overseas experiences to various organizations across the country as both a speaker and consultant. Utilizing his SEAL training and knowledge of conflict situations, he has helped businesses create high-performing teams and cultivate effective management and risk assessment skills. Additionally, ONeill remains committed to helping veterans and their families through his involvement with many military-focused charities.

FOX News Channel (FNC) is a 24-hour all-encompassing news service dedicated to delivering breaking news as well as political and business news. A top five cable network, FNC has been the most-watched news channel in the country for more than 13 years and according to Public Policy Polling, is the most trusted television news source in the country. Owned by 21st Century Fox, FNC is available in more than 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre.

###

FOX News Media Contact:

Jessica Jensen/212.301.3531Former NBA player Lamar Odom has emerged from a coma after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel, allegedly after several days of using cocaine and unregulated supplements that some call "herbal Viagra."

Odom's experience echoes the worst nightmares of the friends and family of people with drug addictions: a downward spiral, a medical crisis and even the possibility of death. And because people with addictions often deny their problems or avoid seeking treatment, loved ones can feel helpless.

But experts say that friends and family are among the greatest resources drug-addicted people have to help them recover. Convincing someone to seek treatment is often difficult, but it can be done in many cases  and friends and family don't have to wait for the person to hit rock bottom.

"The strongest thing that is helpful is having a system of care that can surround the person," said Dr. Kelly Clark, president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM). Addiction is a chronic disease, which means it persists over a long period of time. In this way, it resembles other conditions, like diabetes, Clark told Live Science. And like people with diabetes, those who are trying to manage drug addiction require day-by-day support. [The Drug Talk: 7 New Tips for Todays Parents]

"People don't do well managing their diabetes if their family has ice cream and cake every night," Clark said.

Barriers to care

The comparison of addiction to a chronic disease like diabetes is an important one, researchers say. One of the biggest barriers to care for people with addiction is the stigma of being labeled an "addict."

In fact, this stigma can even prevent people from getting science-based treatments, said Brendan Saloner, a health policy researcher at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore. For example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has long approved methadone as a treatment to combat opioid addiction; regular methadone doses reduce cravings for drugs such as heroin and decrease the "high" from opioid drugs if a user does relapse.

However, methadone treatment itself is stigmatized, and 17 states prohibit Medicaid funds from being used to fund the treatment, Saloner said.

"There's resistance to methadone maintenance that, frankly, may have less to do with its clinical benefits than with other, cultural factors," he said.

Meanwhile, heroin overdose deaths have quadrupled in the United States over the past 10 years, while treatment rates for opioid addiction have remained stagnant, Saloner and his colleagues reported Oct. 13 in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Eighty percent of people in the U.S. who have an opioid addiction aren't getting treated  about the same percentage as a decade ago, Saloner said. (The actual number of people in treatment nearly doubled between 2004 and 2013, the researchers found, but the increase in people using opioids far outstripped the number of those in treatment.)

The cost of addiction treatments and spotty medical insurance can be another barrier to treatment, Saloner said. Patients and family members should make sure that the treatment they're considering is covered under their insurance plan. Just because a treatment facility says it takes insurance does not mean insurance will actually pay without preauthorization.

A concerned approach

For many families, though, the first hurdle is getting the person with the drug problem to seek help at all.

Denial is often a part of addiction, and people with an addiction are often terrified that they will lose control of their lives if they seek treatment. Myths about treatment centers exacerbate this problem, Clark said. For example, many people believe the only way to cure a drug addiction is to go to a rehab facility far away for a month and then come back "fixed."

"That's not what treatment is," Clark said. "That's a type of treatment that is useful for some people. But most people will get and stay sober in their communities."

Family and friends should know that they don't need to wait for a crisis to approach someone about their substance abuse; it's not true that a person needs to "hit rock bottom" in order to be motivated to find help, Clark said.

The National Institute on Drug Abuse has a list of questions to ask to determine whether a person might have a problem. For example, a person may have an addiction if they want to cut down on substance use, but can't, or if they spend a lot of time seeking and using the drug. Giving up relationships or struggling to keep up at work or school are other signs.

Despite the popularity of TV shows like "Intervention," a confrontational approach may backfire. A positive, nonaccusatory approach is the place to start, Clark said.

"The conversation is: 'I'm worried about you. These are the things I see that I'm worried about. I'm concerned you have this disease, but I know there is a treatment,'" she said. [Top 10 Stigmatized Health Disorders]

One tactic psychologists and doctors use is called "motivational enhancement," which seeks to rev up a person's internal desire for change. A therapist might ask a person, for example, what good comes of them drinking themselves into unconsciousness every night. The idea is to prompt the person to realize how unhelpful the addiction really is.

The challenge of recovery

The Partnership for Drug-Free Kids recommends approaching someone with a substance-abuse problem when they (and you) are sober, and have a stretch of time when you won't be interrupted. Emphasize your care and concern for the person, ask open-ended questions and avoid attacking or judging the person. If they deny a problem, focus on keeping the dialogue open.

"Your goal is not to convince the person that there is a problem, but to let them know that you believe there is one and that your belief is based on observable behaviors," according to the organization's website.

Families often struggle with whether to take a "tough love" approach (for example, kicking a relative who won't stop using drugs out of a home). The line between supporting someone and enabling them is not bright and clean, Clark said.

"Everyone has to deal with the disease in a way that's specific to them and their family situation," she said.

That's why it's crucial not to go it alone, she said. Groups such as Al-Anon, Alateen and SMART Recovery Family & Friends can help with the day-to-day struggle of a loved one's addiction. ASAM and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) also have tools to use to find treatment centers and doctors. The process of recovery can be a long haul.

"People need to manage their disease one day at a time," Clark said. "They need to have a support system, an involvement in the community  The evidence shows that this is a chronic illness that needs ongoing treatment."

Resources:

NIDA: What to Do If Your Adult Friend or Loved One Has a Problem with Drugs

Partnership for Drug-Free Kids: 7 Tips For Helping An Adult Family Member or Friend with a Drug Problem

SAMHSA: Find Help

ASAM: Physician Search

SMART Recovery Family & Friends

Faces & Voices of Recovery

Young People in Recovery

Al-Anon/Alateen

Hotlines:

Partnership for Drug-Free Kids: 1-855-DRUGFREE (378-4373)

SAMHSA Helpline: 1-800-662-HELP (4357)

National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1-800-273-TALK (8255)

Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Former MLB outfielder Nyjer Morgan is letting go of his Pembroke Pines, FL, home for $1.2 million. The luxury home is listed by Connie Cabral with BHHS Florida Realty.

The free agent known for his catchphrases and his spectacular fielding likely has no more need for a Florida retreat. He played briefly in South Korea with the Hanwha Eagles in 2015 and is unsigned for 2016.

Morgan is leaving behind a sleek waterfront home measuring 4,410 square feet. The five-bedroom home features "state of the art technology," including surveillance cameras and surround sound, according to the listing.

The modern kitchen features Brazilian countertops, a wine cooler, and a butler's pantry. The oversized master suite has a sitting area, his-and-her marble baths, and jetted tubs. There's also a guest suite with a separate entrance. Outside, there's a kitchen, putting green, and pool.

Most likely, his fans will continue to follow his quirky career wherever it leads. Known for his on-field antics, the fan favorite made his MLB debut in 2007 with the Pittsburgh Pirates. During his heyday in Milwaukee with the Brewers, the offbeat outfielder became known for his alter ego, Tony Plush. The 35-year-old created a Twitter account for his on-field personality and at one point reportedly had over 70,000 followers.I have long maintained that Democrats can spread a lie better and faster than Republicans can tell the truth. The Benghazi Select Committee Hearings proved my thesis.

A few salient points were made. For example, Rep. Jim Jordan unearthed an email from Clinton to daughter Chelsea, penned while the violence still raged, describing the attack as perpetrated by an Al-Qaeda-like group, and a next day conversation with the Egyptian Prime Minister admitting We know the attack in Libya had nothing to do with the film. It was a planned attack, not a protest. All the while, Clinton was telling the world and the victims relatives an anti Islamic video was to blame.

Unfortunately, crucial truths remain undisclosed or so botched by the Committee it was worthless to raise them. I know these truths because I have long represented former Tripoli DCM Greg Hicks, whose May 2013 House testimony was quoted extensively throughout the hearing. Three truths not revealed:

1. The number of security personnel available to Ambassador Stevens dropped from 38 in May 2012, when he was sworn in, to 9, when he went to Benghazi . It is a very simple concept, a loss of 29 security personnel during a time when there were hundreds of requests to Clintons State Department for increased security. Hicks published an Op-Ed for the Wall Street Journal in 2014 describing the bases and process for this reduction. Yet, not one Member asked her for that information.

Unfortunately, crucial truths remain undisclosed or so botched by the Committee it was worthless to raise them.

By law, Clinton was required to waive the security in Benghazi and could not delegate that decision.

Repeatedly, the Committee allowed Clinton to claim she had nothing to do with security in Libya. Such requests were rightly handled by the security professionals. I did not see them. I did not approve them. I did not deny them. However, the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999, SECCA, passed in the wake of the 1998 Embassy twin bombings in Africa when Bill Clinton was president, required her to rule on the substandard security in Benghazi.

2. As with Benghazi, an Accountability Review Board (ARB) for each African bombing was convened. The ARBs faulted the State Department for no accountability for the security in Kenya and Tanzania, and made specific recommendations for future Secretaries of State. But Congress went further. SECCA requires the Secretary to waive any situation where all the embassy buildings are not housed in one facility, as was the case with Benghazi, and states that the decision cannot be delegated.

For a long time, the Committee seemed to be aware only of the ARB language, quoting it extensively while ignoring the statutory mandate. Finally, during the dinner hour, Rep. Susan Brooks broached the issue but clearly did not understand the law. When Sec. Clinton demurred she did not sign a waiver because the Benghazi consulate was temporary, Brooks abandoned the subject. But Brooks acquiescence missed the point of the law. It was intended to cover such temporary facilities.

The Benghazi ARB admitted in its 2013 report that there had been a waiver, describing the Benghazi compound as being excepted under the law. Was no one on the Committee aware of that fact? An obvious follow up question: But Ms. Clinton, who did the ARB refer to when saying Benghazi had been excepted? And then: If you did not sign the waiver, who did? But the Committee let her escape an admission of violating the law by falsely claiming it did not cover a temporary facility.

3. Ambassador Stevens was in Benghazi in September 2012 because Clinton requested him to recommend a permanent status for Benghazi.

On the day she swore Stevens in as Ambassador, Clinton requested him to go to Benghazi to determine whether it could be a permanent post.

The report had to be written before the end of the fiscal year, September 30, because funds had to be requested. Moreover, Clinton was planning a trip to exploit that decision later in 2012. The ARB tried to conceal Clintons role, falsely claiming that Stevens went there independently of Washington, when it had been told the truth by Hicks.

Throughout the hearing, Clintons attitude about Stevens was that he went of his own accord He did not need permission to travel. Yet, her request was the reason for his trip and its timing.

Victoria Toensing is a former Chief Counsel for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and former Deputy Assistant Attorney General, U.S. Department of Justice, where among other assignments she created the anti-terrorism section. She is a founding partner of diGenova & Toensing.U.S. researchers on Thursday said they had found a way to predict male sexual orientation based on molecular markers that control DNA function, but genetics experts warned that the research has important limitations and will not provide definitive answers to a potential biological basis for sexual preference.

Findings from the study, which has yet to be published or reviewed in detail by other scientists, were presented at a meeting of the American Society of Human Genetics in Baltimore.

It followed 37 pairs of identical male twins in which one was homosexual and one heterosexual, and 10 sets of twins in which both males were homosexual. The study found that the presence of specific epigenetic marks in nine areas of the human genome could predict homosexual preference with up to 70 percent accuracy.

The epigenome is sometimes described as molecular "switches" that can turn on or silence individual genes in DNA. Scientists believe epigenetic differences can be influenced by environmental and lifestyle factors, from exposure to chemicals to parental nurturing.

"To our knowledge, this is the first example of a predictive model for sexual orientation based on molecular markers," Tuck Ngun, lead researcher on the study from the David Geffen School of Medicine of the University of California, Los Angeles, said in a statement.

Genetics experts who critiqued the findings said it was premature to draw any conclusions on the predictive powers of epigenetic markers.

"The question as to whether that prediction is going to be useful outside of the small number of twins in the study is really unclear," said Dr. Christopher Gregg, a genetics professor at the University of Utah.

Others noted the small size of the population studied and stressed that such findings often fall apart when applied to larger groups of people.

"One thing you can clearly see is that the sample size is too small. They don't have enough power to make that claim," said Dr. Peng Jin, professor of human genetics from Emory University in Atlanta, who attended the meeting in Baltimore.

"What they are seeing may be certain correlations, but I don't think they have what they claim, which is a predicting model," he added. "It's definitely an interesting observation, but ... I don't want the general audience to misinterpret whatever they are presenting," Jin said.

Gregg said he was impressed by the UCLA team's "state-of-the-art" methodology, but said much larger studies must be undertaken to reach any conclusions.

"Just because there is something different doesn't mean that's what's causing people to behave one way versus the other," he said.Nearly all of ESPNs video content on YouTube has become unavailable, because of unresolved rights issues related to the upcoming launch of the YouTube Red subscription service.

Disney, ESPNs parent, has signed an overall deal to participate in YouTube Red, according to a YouTube spokeswoman. However, ESPN is not part of the subscription service at launch due to rights and legal issues, she said.

Reps for ESPN did not immediately provide comment.

According to YouTube, partners that do not sign on for Red will have their videos pulled down in the U.S. In ESPNs case, it has taken videos off YouTube because it doesnt have rights to provide the clips via a digital subscription-VOD service.

ESPN began removing content from YouTube starting Thursday night. Some of the sports programmers video on YouTube is still available outside the U.S.

See More:YouTube Red Unveiled: Ad-Free Streaming Service Priced Same as Netflix

YouTube execs, in launching the $10-per-month Red video and music service this week, claimed to have signed agreements with 99 percent of content partners to be part of the subscription service.

YouTube Red is slated to launch Oct. 28, with a one-month free trial offer, initially available only in the U.S. In addition to ad-free access to videos, YouTube Red includes music videos and songs through YouTube Music and Google Play Music (and subscribers to those services also will have access to Red).

As with its standard ad revenue-sharing program, YouTube will pay 55 percent of subscription revenue to partners, divvied up based on aggregate subscriber viewing time.

ESPNs removal of videos from YouTube was reported earlier by TubeFilter.At least 18 killed in Bangkok bomb blast

At least 18 people are dead and more than 100 injured in an explosion that rocked the area near the popular Erawan shrine in a busy intersection in Bangkok, Thailand, Monday morning.

Associated Press

http://www.ap.org/

Bomb blast rocks commercial hub in Bangkok, Thailand. August 17, 2015: Motorcycles are strewn about after an explosion in Bangkok. AP s2

Bomb blast rocks Bangkok, Thailand. At least 27 people are dead in a bomb blast in Bangkok, Thailand. AP s1

At least 27 people are dead in a bomb blast in Bangkok, Thailand. August 17, 2015: National police chief Somyot Poompanmount talks to the media near the site of a large explosion in Bangkok, Thailand. AP s3

At least 27 people are dead in a bomb blast in Bangkok, Thailand. August 17, 2015: Debris and overturned motorcycles are strewn across the intersection across from the Erawan Shrine after an explosion in Bangkok. AP s4

At least 27 people are dead in a bomb blast in Bangkok, Thailand. August 17, 2015: Police investigate the scene after an explosion in Bangkok, Thailand. AP s55

Bomb blast devastates commercial hub in Bangkok, Thailand. August 17, 2015: Flames burn after an explosion in Bangkok, Thailand. AP s6

Bomb blast devastates commercial hub in Bangkok, Thailand. August 17, 2015: Emergency personnel work at the scene after an explosion in Bangkok, Thailand. AP s7NEW YORK (AP) As the New York Mets soaked themselves with champagne in a cramped Wrigley Field clubhouse, manager Terry Collins stood nearby in a quiet spot, arm around his wife, Deborah, another gleaming smile on his face.

After a lifetime spent in baseball working all sorts of jobs in all kinds of towns, he was finally headed to the World Series.

''When we got together I told her, I said, `You don't know what you're getting into,''' Collins said. ''This is the culmination of a lot of pain, and a lot of tears, and a lot of the things that went on, but it's well worth it.''

Until the past few months, the Mets may not have realized what they had in the popular Collins, at 66 the oldest manager in the majors. Finally given a New York team talented enough to win, he's pushed all the right buttons in his first postseason as a big league skipper, expertly piloting the NL East champs to a surprising pennant.

And just think, it only took him 1,688 regular-season games to reach the playoffs.

''Baseball has been my life - my whole life. I was one of those guys that started playing when he was 4 or 5,'' said Collins, whose father died just before spring training. ''So it's a special moment for me.''

For the Mets, too. Back in the World Series for the first time in 15 years, they'll play the AL champion Royals beginning Tuesday night in Kansas City.

Collins, no doubt, is a big reason for New York's success.

He made several pivotal and gutsy moves during Game 5 of the NL Division Series at Dodger Stadium, sticking with struggling ace Jacob deGrom early and then going to rookie Noah Syndergaard for his first career relief appearance in the seventh inning.

Collins also called on closer Jeurys Familia for a six-out save - even though Familia's rare turn at bat cost the Mets a better opportunity to extend their lead.

After some tense, pressure-packed moments, New York advanced with a hard-fought victory over Zack Greinke, and general manager Sandy Alderson said Collins did a ''masterful'' job.

Then, during a four-game sweep in the NL Championship Series, Collins turned the Mets loose on the basepaths even though they ranked last in the league in steals this season. It paid huge dividends against a Chicago Cubs team that had real trouble holding runners.

And he kept playing slumping first baseman Lucas Duda, who rewarded his manager with a home run and five RBIs in the Game 4 clincher.

''He's always very clear on what he expects of you,'' Mets playoff star Daniel Murphy said. ''You can't ask much more as a player.''

Collins is certainly enjoying this ride.

When his team clinched the division title in Cincinnati, he came back onto the field to celebrate with Mets fans who made the trip, spraying them with champagne. He did the same following Game 5 in Los Angeles, even getting a kiss on the cheek from an overjoyed man in the front row.

And after returning to New York following the sweep against the Cubs, Collins took his wife to dinner Thursday night. Patrons gathered for a salute and, quite literally, made him the toast of the town.

''The response at the restaurant was incredible - and I've eaten there a lot,'' Collins said.

Whether it be joking that his wife calls him an ''idiot'' after in-game moves backfire, or the fact he's barely taller than diminutive hitting coach Kevin Long, or when he kidded about star pitcher Matt Harvey making the team flight on time, the silver-haired Collins has shown his sense of humor to the media more and more during his five years in the Big Apple.

It's a sign of his transformation from an old-school manager with a previous reputation for being fiery and uncompromising, to one who more resembles a spunky grandfather with baseball savvy.

''Forty-five years and here's my first chance to do this,'' Collins said Friday. ''The one thing I said when I took this job, I was going to enjoy managing a lot more than I did in the past.''

Collins, who counts Jim Leyland as a crucial influence, still gets exercised and speaks his mind. But he's mellowed some, and developed a strong relationship with players on a Mets club that always gave him effort even when it was struggling the last few years.

That's a far cry from his days managing the Astros and Angels in the 1990s, when he finished second five times as his teams squandered several late leads. Players were so disenchanted with him when he resigned from the Angels in September 1999, there was even talk of mutiny.

''I took everything personal,'' Collins said. ''When I first started managing, I thought I ran a good game. I thought decisions I made were educated, and when they didn't work I was mad at myself. Unfortunately, I wore my emotions on my sleeve and the players saw it and thought I was mad at them, and therefore it didn't work.''

Now, he says he speaks with players more than ever before and often explains his decisions.

''When I first came here, one of the things that I absolutely worked on every single day was to talk to every player on the team. And the other thing that I do here is, my players have a say in stuff. They have a say in the rules. They have a say in dress codes. I want them to be a part of this whole thing,'' Collins said. ''That's being a better communicator.''

''I have no ego. I wasn't a star player,'' he added. ''I don't get caught up in headlines. I get caught up in, go have fun playing. ... Yeah, I think I've changed. No question about it.''

Collins managed in Japan and Venezuela, Vero Beach and Buffalo. He coached with Tampa Bay, scouted for the Cubs and spent more than a decade all told with the Dodgers during separate stints in their storied farm system.

Before the Mets hired him in November 2010, he hadn't been a big league skipper since `99. Some viewed him as simply a stopgap for a rebuilding franchise, and Alderson has acknowledged he considered firing Collins prior to this year.

Now, a leading contender for NL Manager of the Year, Collins still does not have a guaranteed contract beyond this season. The club holds an option for 2016, but it certainly appears he's earned an extension.

''T.C. brings energy every day, there's no doubt about that. I think if you talk to him for 30 seconds, you know how much passion he has for baseball,'' Murphy said. ''You've got to credit the skipper a great deal (for) keeping the fabric of this ballclub together when I think it so easily could have started falling apart.''This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2015 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Privacy - Ad Choices - Terms - FAQA leech appears to be crawling across the surface of Mars.

But its actually an amazing shot of sand dunes on Mars. The image was taken this summer by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment camera aboard NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which routinely takes images of Martian sand dunes to study the mobile soils. Images like these also provide information about erosion and movement of surface material, about wind and weather patterns as well as the soil grains and grain sizes. Sometimes they can even tell scientists something about the nature of the substrate beneath.

Related: Supermoon lunar eclipse in pictures

If you look closely, you can notice spaces between the dunes, revealing a resistant and highly fractured surface. The fractured ground is resistant to erosion by the wind, according to NASA, suggesting the material is bedrock that is now shattered by a history of bending stresses or temperature changes, such as cooling.

But there are other theories out there. The surface may be a sedimentary layer that was once wet and shrunk and fractured as it dried, like gigantic mud cracks.Inside Chateau De Soleil and the Hobbit Tree House

Fans of the J. R. R. Tolkien series can now spend the night in a Hobbit-inspired tree house in South Dakota.If federal prosecutors hope to make a dent in future insider trading cases theyll probably need an assist from Congress. And unless Congress takes a stand, insider trading on Wall Street isnt going away anytime soon, a white collar legal expert said Friday.

This issue calls for a legislative fix, said Andrew Stoltmann, a Chicago-based securities lawyer who frequently represents retail investors in cases of fraud and corporate malfeasance.

On Thursday, Preet Bharara, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced he was walking away from one of his signature cases, insider trading charges against Michael Steinberg, a high-placed portfolio manager at SAC Capital, the once-massive hedge fund founded by erstwhile Wall Street titan Steven A. Cohen.

SAC Capital  and in particular Cohen  has been in Bhararas crosshairs for years and Bharara has built a national profile successfully prosecuting these kinds of insider trading cases. Since 2009 the Manhattan U.S. Attorneys Office has initiated 96 insider trading cases.

Steinberg, reportedly one of Cohens top lieutenants, was convicted in 2013 at trial and was in the process of appealing the conviction.

But Thursdays concession by Bharara, which also involved dropping charges against six others in the Steinberg case who had pleaded guilty and were cooperating with prosecutors, is a big setback both for Bharara and future prosecutors who hope to rein in insider trading.

I think his highest profile victories have all been somewhat tainted, said Stoltmann. While he deserves credit for attacking insider trading cases, the fact remains many of these cases will now be overturned.

Prosecutors' Hands Tied

Those likely reversals will stem from a 2nd Circuit appeals court ruling last year that overturned the convictions of two other traders prosecuted by Bhararas office, Anthony Chiasson and Todd Newman. The appeals court, in a ruling that cast doubt over many of Bhararas past insider trading convictions, said prosecutors have to prove that the person whos been charged with insider trading knew that the tips he was trading on were provided by someone who was knowingly trafficking in inside information.

In Chiasson and Newmans cases, there was a layer of analysts between them and the network of sources who sold those analysts illegal inside information. Consequently, it couldnt be proven that Chiasson and Newman knew they were profiting from inside information.

The U.S. Supreme Court earlier this month upheld the 2nd Circuits ruling.

Prosecutors hands have been tied with the 2nd Circuit decision and that's extremely unfortunate. I think we will see an even greater surge of insider trading going forward, said Stoltmann.

Bharara said in a statement Thursday that the decision to dismiss the charges against Steinberg and the six other defendants was based on the appeals courts ruling. These prosecutions were all undertaken in good faith reliance on what this Office and others, including able defense counsel for all those who pled guilty, understood to be the well-settled law before Newman, the statement read.

Bharara clearly wanted to make the point that the six defendants who previously pled guilty all did so on the advice of their attorneys prior to the 2nd Circuits ruling.

Follow Dunstan Prial on Twitter @DunstanPrialThis resort home in Possum Kingdom Lake, TX, isn't just a great place to enjoy the good life. It's also the perfect survival spot for when the good life comes to an abrupt end. That's right -- this luxury home doubles as a prepper's paradise.

Listed for $985,000, the three-bedroom, 4.5-bathroom home has all the modern conveniences and amenities (including incredible lake views) buyers want, but there's more.

The entire basement has been converted into a fallout shelter that could sustain you, your family, and many of your friends for years to come.

"From the main level of the home you are totally unaware that all of this is there," says listing agent Dee Dee Jordan with Pondera Properties.

Jordan is referring to the 1,000-square-foot bunker that comfortably sleeps 12 using a system of military-style bunk beds. And everyone will be able to sleep soundly and live securely regardless of what's taking place in the outside world. The two-by-four reinforced steel walls and periscope viewing system have you covered no matter what's heading your way.

The bunker is outfitted with everything you need to survive in style, without having to venture topside, for years to come.

The house comes with an NBC filter system to provide fresh air. If that fails, there are "six compressed air tanks for backup oxygen," says Jordan.

To keep the lights on, the heat churning, and the food cooking, there are tracking solar panels, a backup generator, and a 1,000-gallon propane tank.

And, speaking of food, in one of the most interesting deal-sweeteners we've seen, the home will come with a fully stocked pantry of MREs and other survival meals, enough to last 10 years for 12 people, according to Jordan. But you won't be stuck eating entirely out of a foil pouch -- hydroponics are also down here. "There is an Ebb Monster system for growing plants," Jordan says.

The bunker also has a full kitchen, living space, bathroom, and laundry facility so life can resume as normal downstairs while all hell breaks loose above ground.

Speaking of all hell breaking loose, if someone (or something) does come at your bunker, you've still got a plan B. "There are two additional hidden escape hatches in the bunker for exit in the event of damage to the primary entrance," Jordan says.

While you wait patiently for the world to end, upstairs has plenty to enjoy. This high-end survival home has an open floor plan full of quality finishes. For example, the custom kitchen has rich hardwood cabinets, stainless-steel appliances, and a massive eat-in bar.

The spacious master suite has an en suite master bath with soaking tub. Outside, there's plenty of porch space, incredible views of the lake, and even a putting green.

We think it's a great spot to enjoy life's greatest pleasures -- while you still can.A TV comic holds a commanding lead in in Sunday's presidential election in Guatemala, where public anger at corruption unseated the last government and will confront the winner with immediate demands for deep reform.

In Sunday's runoff, comedian Jimmy Morales, who boasted of his outsider status on the campaign trail, faces former first lady Sandra Torres, a businesswoman and longtime political operative

An opinion poll released Wednesday gave the advantage to Morales with 67 percent voter preference, compared with 32 percent for Torres. The survey published by the newspaper Prensa Libre was conducted Oct. 9-14 by ProDatos O and had a margin of error of three percentage points.

If that trend bears out, it would be a continuation of the citizens' revolt that made Morales the surprise top vote-getter in the election's Sept. 6 opening round.

"The new government will have a year before the people fill the plazas, streets, avenues and highways in social protest," Alejandro Maldonado, who took over as interim president after Otto Perez Molina was jailed on corruption charges, said during a recent speech to business executives.

The protests began in April after a multimillion-dollar corruption scandal involving bribery at the customs agency was unveiled by Guatemalan prosecutors and a U.N. commission that is investigating criminal networks in the country.

Investigators first targeted former Vice President Roxana Baldetti, whose personal secretary was named as the alleged ringleader of the scheme, and then Perez Molina.

Morales and Torres have jockeyed to position themselves as the anti-corruption candidate.

Both promise to keep Attorney General Thelma Aldana, a key figure in the investigation, and the U.N. commission in place. Morales vows to strengthen controls and transparency, while Torres would ask the U.N. body for help conducting a government-wide audit.

"From the get-go we must combat corruption at its core," Torres told The Associated Press, offering the "testimony of a life's work."

"You can't talk about transparency if you're not transparent," she said.

Morales said in a debate this week that the government has controls and auditing powers at its disposal. "All the elements for auditing available to the presidency and vice presidency are going to be put to work," he said.

But many are skeptical that either candidate will truly work to root out entrenched corruption and find honest public servants to form a government.

"I've seen the forums and debates and I'm not convinced," said Oneida de Bertrand, a homemaker who took part in the protests. "They say what we all know about how the country is, but when it comes time to make proposals they don't say how."Members of InterContinental Hotel Groups Spire Elite Reward Program may be in for a surprise when they dial the phone number on their membership card.

That's because someone printed a number to a phone sex line instead of the help line.

IHG, which owns properties like Holiday Inn and Candlewood Suites, has admitted to mistakenly printing the wrong help number on the back of new memberships cards issued in September, Consumerist reports. Instead of reaching a hotel employee, the phone number directs customers to Americas hottest phone sex line.

The number printed on customer cards featured a 1-800 prefix but the official IHG membership line starts with 1-844. FoxNews.com gave it a ring and we were greeted with the following message:

Welcome to Americas hottest talk line! Ladies, to talk to interesting and exciting guys free, press 1 now. Guys, hot ladies are waiting to talk to you. Press 2 to connect!

A Consumerist reader who was identified as E. told the website that he reached out to the hotel groups executive resolution team to alert them to the issue and was told that they aware of the gaffe but had made the decision not to alert members, which could cause a huge problem for anyone who actually needs immediate assistance with a reservation.

A few users took to Twitter to address the issue with IHG's official rewards account.

@IHGCare @ihgrewardsclub Some reward points for the awkward conversation with the wife over the phone bill? Just saying... :)  Nate (@27Dec1964) September 17, 2015

@ihgrewardsclub r u kidding me??? # on back of Spire card is a PORN #!!! Ur rep laughed when I called to report! pic.twitter.com/peLxibpcHh  Keith S. Ellard (@bamakeith88) September 14, 2015

A spokeswoman for IHG later told Consumerist that the hotel group had sent an email alerting members to the issue in September and that new cards would be issued soon. The official number to call for Spire members to connect with team member is 1-844-774-7300.PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WPRI)  The Bryant Bulldogs took on St. Francis Saturday, as high school teams faced off across the state.

Shea beat Central 23-14, handing Central their first league loss.

Saint Rays shut out Woonsocket 28-0.

Middletown fell to Classical 35-14.

See highlights in the video above.CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP) Regardless of how much talent returns, North Carolina still needs Isaiah Hicks to carve out some playing time in a crowded frontcourt.

Hicks scored 14 points in the team's intrasquad scrimmage to punctuate Friday's annual ''Late Night with Roy'' show, which is the ceremonial start to the basketball season.

Hicks, a 6-foot-9 junior, went 6-for-9 from the field according to unofficial statistics in the White team's 41-32 victory over the Blue team.

''Isaiah has had a good preseason, has worked his tail off in the offseason,'' UNC coach Roy Williams said. ''You're right, we need him to score, we need him to take the ball to the basket and be a lot more aggressive than he's been in the past.''

Hicks averaged 6.6 points and shot 54 percent from the field as a reserve in 35 of 38 games last season playing behind all-Atlantic Coast Conference pick Brice Johnson and Kennedy Meeks inside. Hicks could force his way into more minutes - he averaged 14.8 last season - if he can carry over the attacking style he showed Friday night into the season.

''He didn't play a lot last year so teams really don't have a scouting report for him, but the guy can do so many things,'' senior center Joel James said. ''He's a mismatch for any guy in the country right now. He can do a lot of great things and score the ball effortlessly, whenever he wants to.''

Hicks' potential is one of many strengths for a UNC team that enters the season with huge expectations.

Four starters and nine of the top 10 scorers return from a team that took eventual finalist Wisconsin to the final minutes of an NCAA Tournament Sweet 16 loss. UNC was tied with Kentucky for No. 1 in the USA Today coaches' poll, while The Associated Press Top 25 debuts Nov. 2.

''We actually don't even talk about it that much,'' sophomore Theo Pinson said of the No. 1 ranking. ''Once we hear the alerts that come to our phone and stuff like that, we see it. We're like, `Well, no need to talk about it, just go out there and play basketball.' We're just ready to play, really.''

The annual event full of dancing, skits and humor was also part of a daylong tribute to late ESPN broadcaster and alumnus Stuart Scott. The school inducted Scott in the afternoon into the North Carolina Journalism Hall of Fame, based in the UNC School of Media and Journalism.

The school honored Scott during ''Late Night,'' which he first hosted in 2001 and did so 10 times. Scott died in January after a lengthy fight against cancer.

---

Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap and the AP's college basketball site at http://collegebasketball.ap.org.TALLADEGA, Ala. (AP) Jeff Gordon led a Hendrick Motorsports rout in qualifying Saturday to win the pole for his final race at Talladega Superspeedway.

Gordon led teammates Kasey Kahne and Jimmie Johnson in a sweep of the top three starting spots for the race Sunday. Dale Earnhardt Jr. qualified fifth to put the four Hendrick drivers in the first three rows at the 2.66-mile supserpseedway.

It was the best outcome for Gordon and Earnnhardt, the only two Hendrick drivers still in the Chase for the Sprint Cup championship field. Both need strong runs - Earnhardt may actually need a victory - to advance into the third round of the playoffs.

Four drivers will be cut from the Chase field following the race. Gordon is seventh in the standings, while Earnhardt is 11th in the 12-driver field. Both drivers are six-time winners at Talladega, and Earnhardt won the spring race here.

''It is good enough,'' Earnhardt said about his starting position. ''Some of the guys had a little more speed, but we feel like our car is going to race really well and just ready to go.''

Matt Kenseth, who is last in the Chase field, qualified fourth. Like Earnhardt, he likely needs to win Sunday to move into the third round.

''One thing about Talladega is you always have to expect the unexpected, so who knows what's going to happen,'' Kenseth said. ''Just anxious to get lined up for the race and see what happens.''

Chase driver Martin Truex Jr. had his time thrown out by NASCAR as penalty for driving below the yellow line on the race track during his qualifying lap. Truex said he was unaware the rule - enforced during plate races - had been implemented for qualifying, too.

''Apparently there was a memo sent out, and I never got it,'' Truex said.

He'll start last in the 43-car field, but wasn't worried.

''We started in the back last time, too. We'll be fine,'' Truex said of the spring race in which he started 36th but finished fifth.

There was a bizarre mishap on pit road when NASCAR gave Clint Bowyer the signal to begin his lap. He revved his engine and unbeknownst to him, his car was in reverse and backed hard into Justin Allgaier's car.

Allgaier's car suffered enough damage that his crew had to make quick repairs to get him on track for his qualifying attempt, but will need to work on the Chevrolet some more to get it fixed to race Sunday.

Bowyer said it was the ''strangest'' thing he'd ever been part of in racing, and felt terrible for Allgaier and HScott Motorsports, the team Bowyer will drive for next season.

''Obviously it was in reverse,'' Bowyer said. ''As soon as I let the clutch out, it was going the wrong way. I feel really, really bad. This is supposed to be an uneventful day, I just made it eventful.''

Gordon, meanwhile, continued his domination in qualifying at restrictor-plate races this season. He won the pole at three of the four plate races this year. The one miss? At Daytona in July, when qualifying was rained out.

He heaped praise on the engine shop at Hendrick Motorsports for the effort put into the plate races, where horsepower is so important.

''Everybody is contributing to make this happen, that is why we are 1-2-3 and 5,'' he said. ''It's a great day for Hendrick Motorsports.''

Gordon, who is retiring at the end of the season, is eager to get this final Talladega race behind him. Although he's been very good over the course of his career at Daytona and Talladega, he doesn't enjoy the white-knuckle racing that often leads to multi-car accidents.

NASCAR this week said it will make only one attempt at a green-white-checkered flag finish - all other events get three attempts to finish the race under green - in an effort to maintain safety standards during the frantic push to the checkered flag. Austin Dillon's car sailed into the fence on the last lap at Daytona in July, and NASCAR doesn't want to give drivers unnecessary opportunities to be aggressive.

Gordon applauded the move, which was used in Saturday's Truck Series race when there was just one attempt to finish the event and it ended under caution.

''There is a balance between the excitement and entertainment to give the fans what they came here for and putting drivers at risk,'' Gordon said. ''If anyone in this (media) room rode inside one of these cars on a green-white-checkered, there's no doubt in my mind that every single one of you would say they really shouldn't do that. It's insane. If anyone in the garage says it's not, then they're not telling the truth. You're holding your breath.

''It can make for some amazing moments and highlights. I don't know if you need to put any added risk out there to do more than one.''I have a ten year old daughter who is also very tall  the tallest kid in her fourth grade class. Getting Halloween costumes each year is bad enough because the kid sizes are inevitably too small and the adult costumes are often too big.

But whether we look for her costume in a kid sized outfit or an adult sized outfit, there is now another problem completely. Unless she wants to go as a ghost completely enveloped in a formless sheet, most American Halloween costumes would have her dressed up as a prostitute. We might as well call kids in these outfits prosti-tots.

My daughter, for example, wanted the Black Widow costume, from the Marvel series. First, though I do not consider myself a feminist, I do have to agree that the lack of super hero costumes and action figures for girls is ridiculous. Even the Black Widow costumes we found did not have nearly any of the cool accessories the boys costume had. But what they did have was low cut, cleavage bearing designs even for kids.

Culture is over sexualized enough without us putting our elementary and middle school daughters in outfits that make them look like a Hollywood version of a cheap hooker in Times Square.

God help you if your child wants to go as a nurse. That outfit comes with a video camera and a contract to an adult film studio. The Skeleton Sweetie Girl is a revealing mini-skirt as is the Mischievous Witch, which also comes with stilettos or faux leather boots.

Who dresses their kids in these outfits? Culture is over sexualized enough without us putting our elementary and middle school daughters in outfits that make them look like a Hollywood version of a cheap hooker in Times Square.

I have a friend who is getting married. He and his fiancee are already fretting about having kids and raising them in our present culture. I tell them they should have lots of kids, but get lots of shotguns too. Then move out to the country and raise them like they are on Little House on a Prairie. Cancel the television subscription, turn off culture, and make sure your kids, particularly your daughters, understand that having their butts hanging out of the backsides of their clothes is not acceptable.

We found a Black Widow costume for my ten-year-old. Luckily my wife sews and was able to get it in appropriate form. Given the neighborhood we live in, we will see more than a thousand trick-or-treaters show up next week. Now that Ive hit forty, I might just sit on the front porch and ask the girls dressed up like prostitots if their parents know. Sadly, I suspect most of them do.

Erick Erickson is a Fox News contributor and editor of RedState.com. Follow him on Twitter @EWErickson.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2015 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Privacy - Ad Choices - Terms - FAQMichael Ingmire watched as Hillary Clinton was grilled for 11 hours Thursday about the 2012 attack in Benghazi that left his nephew and three other Americans dead and saw not a future president, but a "serial liar."

As a congressional panel pressed the former Secretary of State over the attack on the consulate facility in the Libyan city, Ingmire, uncle of Sean Smith, and relatives of former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty watched from their homes, hoping Clinton's testimony would yield answers about why additional security was not granted and why she initially blamed the attack on a YouTube video instead of a coordinated act of terrorism.

"The thing that was shocking  one of the pinnacle moments  was the revelation she told her family there was a terrorist attack while she told America something else," Smith's uncle, Michael Ingmire, told FoxNews.com. "Mrs. Clinton is a serial liar."

"Mrs. Clinton is a serial liar." - Michael Ingmire, uncle of Sean Smith

Smith, an information officer, and Woods, a former Navy SEAL, died along with Doherty and U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens when Islamic militants stormed the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi and set it ablaze before attacking a nearby CIA compound with machine guns and rockets.

Stevens, the first U.S. Ambassador killed in the line of duty since 1979, had repeatedly asked the State Department for increased security at the consulate prior to the attack but his requests were not granted.

In the hours following the attacks, the Obama administration learned they were carefully planned assaults by Al Qaeda-related militants but Clinton and others would go on to tell a different tale: an anti-Muslim YouTube video caused spontaneous protests and angry mobs were to blame for the attacks.

"So if there's no evidence for a video-inspired protest, then where did the false narrative start?" Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan asked Clinton during the hearing Thursday.

"It started with you, Madam Secretary," he said. "You could live with a protest about a video, that won't hurt you, but a terror attack would."

Clinton rejected Jordan's claim, describing the situation in the hours after the attack as "fluid" and the details unclear.

"I am sorry that it doesn't fit your narrative congressman, I can only tell you what the facts are," Clinton said.

During the marathon hours of questioning -- which Democrats claim was a partisan attack on the Democratic presidential frontrunner -- Clinton said Stevens understood the risks involved and that his requests for additional security never crossed her desk.

"Those requests for security were rightly reviewed by the security professionals," Clinton told the committee. "I did not see them. I did not approve them. I did not deny them."

Clinton also described Stevens as a friend, saying the 52-year-old ambassador "understood that most people in Libya or anywhere reject the extremists' argument that violence can ever be a path to dignity or justice."

"I knew and admired Chris Stevens," she said in her opening remarks Thursday. "He was one of our nation's most accomplished diplomats. Chris' mother liked to say he had 'sand in his shoes,' because he was always moving, always working, especially in the Middle East that he came to know so well."

But Clinton's closeness to Stevens was called into question by Rep Susan Brooks, R-Ill., who asked: "Did you ever personally speak to him after you swore him in in May? Yes or no please."

"Yes, I believe I did," Clinton replied. "I don't recall."

Ingmire described Clinton's choice of words about Stevens as jarring.

"How could she say 'Chris thought this' and 'Chris felt that' when she basically had nothing to do with him?" Ingmire said.

Tyrone Woods' father, Charles, recalled meeting Clinton when his son's body arrived at Andrews Air Force Base two days after the attacks.

"I gave Hillary a hug and shook her hand and she said, 'We are going to have the filmmaker arrested who was responsible for the death of your son," Woods said, reading the account from his journal.

"That was a complete bald-faced lie," he told FoxNews.com Friday. "The day after the attack, she was talking to the Prime Minister of Egypt and she said the attack in Libya had nothing to do with the video."

Smith's mother, Patricia, gave a similar account, saying she was told by the administration "it was a video when they knew it was not a video."

"They told me lies," she said Friday. "My son told me the night before that he has been asking for security and he hasnt heard anything."Your best pal may have come a long way to curl up at your feet: A new DNA study of more than 5,000 dogs from 38 countries finds they probably originated in Central Asia, or Mongolia and Nepal more specifically, at least 15,000 years ago, reports the BBC.

Cornell researchers drew blood from 4,676 purebred dogsmaking up 161 breeds typically created in the last 200 yearsand 549 street dogs with older lineages to study chromosomes inherited from the male and female line, reports New Scientist.

The data showed genetic diversity is highest in Central Asia, then in surrounding areas like Afghanistan, Egypt, India, and Vietnam, reports Popular Science. That suggests the most recent common ancestor of "all the dogs alive today" came from that region, says lead author Adam Boyko.

"It mirrors what we see in humans and how they spread out of East Africa." It's possible some dogs were domesticated elsewhere but diversified in Central Asia.

But "we found no evidence" of multiple domestication events, Boyko says. "It looks like there's a single origin," though there appears to have been "a little bit of gene flow between wolves and dogs post-domestication." Boyko's team suspects higher human population density, better hunting techniques, and climate change pushed gray wolves toward scavenging, which led to domestication.

But as similar studies suggest dogs originated in the Middle East, East Asia, and Europe, some scientists are treating the results with caution. One tells the New York Times that only a study of ancient and modern DNA could provide definitive results.

Among difficulties researchers faced: "We showed up in Puerto Rico at a fishing village and the dogs turned up their noses at roast beef sandwiches," says Boyko.

"They were used to eating fish entrails." (Genetically, house cats are basically wild animals.)

This article originally appeared on Newser: Scientists Figure Out Origin of Man's Best Friend

More From NewserYou cant make summer last any longer but can (sort of) freeze time for some of your favorites and enjoy them later. Fox News Radios Lilian Huang Woo speaks to experts chef Jacques Pepin, author Alana Chernila and Jarden Home Brands canning expert Jessica Piper about canning and preserving seasonal favorites.

Take a LISTEN:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Preserved Lemons

MAKES ½ GALLON

My first preserved lemon came to me several years ago in my friend Rons kitchen. Hes one of those cooks who always has some new food on his counter, and on this day, he stuck a fork into a cloudy jar and pulled out a bite of lemon. Eat this, he commanded.

I remember the moment well because a taste like that will make a memory cling. It was everything about a good fermented pickle, and everything about a lemon, but mostly about a brand-new taste Id never experienced. I wanted to eat the whole jar. I wrote down the recipe and swore I would start a batch that day. But Id never fermented anything and, intimidated by the process, I put it off. Time passed, and I forgot the feeling of tangy, salty rind in my mouth. Until, that is, I tasted it again, this time in my friend Janets kitchen. Again with the fork, and again with the eat this, and again I thought that this might just be the most wonderful and perfectly balanced taste I had ever experienced. When I finally got it together to create a jar of my own, it was so simple I kicked myself for missing out on all that time I could have had preserved lemons whenever I wanted.

Now Im never without a big jar in the fridge, and I sneak them into all sorts of dishes. Theyre pretty wonderful anywhere you might use an olive or capers, really for any dish that could use a little tart saltiness. Preserved lemon rinds also do wonders to a chicken when you slide them under the chicken skin before roasting. Or use your lemon booty to make Preserved Lemon Hummus (page 97) or one of my favorite quick pastas, Fettuccine with Preserved Lemon and Roasted Garlic (page 168). If you have trouble finding lemon juice without additives, check the juice aisle of your local health-food store. I find this a good amount of lemons for six months, but feel free to halve the recipe and use a quart jar. I love Alice Waterss suggestion to add bay leaves and cardamom pods to her recipe in Chez Panisse Fruit, and those additions have become standard in my lemons, too.

3 pounds organic or unsprayed lemons (10 to 14 lemons)

1 cup kosher salt

10 cardamom pods

6 bay leaves

2 cups lemon juice, or more as needed (this can be fresh squeezed or bottled, as long as it is 100% lemon juice without chemical additives)

1 Scrub the lemons to remove any residue. For each lemon, cut off the tip. Then cut the lemon lengthwise, leaving the end intact. Cut it again lengthwise at a 90-degree angle to the first cut. The lemons will be quartered, but still attached at one end. Have ready a sterilized ½-gallon jar or two quart jars.

2 Measure the salt into a medium bowl. It might feel like a lot, but its the salt itself that preserves the lemons, and it needs to fill all the spaces between the lemons in the jar. Put the cut lemons in the bowl, a few at a time, and rub the flesh of each lemon with salt. Put a few tablespoons of salt in the bottom of the jar. Push the lemons into the jar, making a layer of lemons. They will release juice and smoosh a bitthis is good. Now scoop some more salt from your bowl and add it to the jar, along with a few cardamom pods and a bay leaf. Salt a few more lemons in the bowl and transfer them to the jar, repeating the process until you have filled the jar. You want to use all the salt in the bowl, so be generous in your layers, and dump any leftover salt into the jar at the end. Press the lemons down with a wooden spoon to release more juice. Then pour the additional lemon juice into the jar so that it fills all of the space around the lemons and covers the lemons entirely. Cover the jar with a sterilized lid and shake well.

3 Let the lemons ferment at room temperature, giving the jar a gentle shake or a turnover every day or so. In 3 weeks, the lemons will be ready to eat, and you can transfer the jar to the refrigerator. tense moments · As you salt and smoosh your lemons, some of them might break apart at their connected end. This is fine! The lemons will salt up just as well in quarters. Also, a few lemons might float up above your brine, and this is okay, too. If this happens, you have two choices: you can simply discard those top lemons after the fermentation process, or you can rig up a system to keep all the lemons down, as one of my blog readers taught me. Break a skewer into pieces the same diameter as the jar so you can fit them into the jar just above the brine in an X. This makes a little cage to keep all the fruit under the brine.

Storage notes

Store in the refrigerator in their jar for 6 months to 1 year. Discard if the lemons get moldy or too soft.

Note

Sterilize jars either by submerging them in boiling water for 15 minutes or running them through a dishwasher with an extra-hot temperature setting.

Beach Plums in Alcohol

Excerpted from Heart & Soul in the Kitchen, © 2015 by Jacques Pépin. Reproduced by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. All rights reserved.

Makes two ½ -pint jars Enough beach plums to fill two 8-ounce jars ½ cup grain alcohol  cup light corn syrup ¼ cup good tap or bottled water I always have a few jars of alcohol preserved cherries, apricots, or plums in my cellar. For this recipe, I use the tiny astringent and tart beach plums (Prunus maritima) that are plentiful at the beach in late summer. Called prunelles in French, they grew wild when I was a kid, and when we tasted them, they were so harsh and sour that our tongues would stick to the roofs of our mouths. It is important not to pull out the stems of the beach plums. If you do, the alcohol will seep into the resulting hole in the fruit and make it mushy. Some people make preserved fruits with brandy or vodka. I like to use grain alcohol, which is 190 proof, and dilute it with good water and corn syrup. The beach plums should be either deep purple or gold in color; when they are just reddish in color, they are not ripe enough to preserve. Fruit in alcohol is usually served in cognac glasses as a digestive after dinner. I also dry fresh juniper berries in the microwave oven for a couple of minutes to use in stews or

sauerkraut .

Trim the stems of the plums to ¼ inch (do not remove them). Wash the plums and dry.

Pack into two 8-ounce jars.

Using a whisk, mix together the alcohol, syrup, and water in a bowl. Fill the jars with the

mixture and tighten the lids.

Place in a cool place, like a cellar, or refrigerate. After 1 month, enjoy anytime.

Sliced Dill Pickle Recipe:

Makes about 5 (16 oz) pints

PRESERVING METHOD:

Waterbath Canning

Ingredients

3 Tbsp pickling spice

4 cups cider vinegar

4 cups water

3/4 cup sugar

1/2 cup Ball ® Salt for Pickling & Preserving

Salt for Pickling & Preserving 5 bay leaves

5 cloves garlic

2 1/2 tsp mustard seeds

5 heads fresh dill

13 1/3 cups sliced trimmed pickling cucumbers (1/4-inch lengthwise slices)

5 Ball® (16 oz) pint glass preserving jars with lids and bands



DIRECTIONS:

PREPARE boiling water canner. Heat jars in simmering water until ready for use. Do not boil. Wash lids in warm soapy water and set bands aside. TIE pickling spice in a square of cheesecloth, creating a spice bag. COMBINE vinegar, water, sugar, pickling salt and spice bag in a large stainless steel saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar and salt. Reduce heat and boil gently for 15 minutes, until spices have infused the liquid. PLACE 1 bay leaf, 1 garlic clove, 1/2 tsp mustard seeds and 1 head of dill into each jar. Pack cucumber slices into hot jars leaving 1/2 inch headspace. Ladle hot pickling liquid into jar to cover cucumbers leaving 1/2 inch headspace. Remove air bubbles and re-measure headspace. If needed, add more pickling liquid to meet recommended headspace. Wipe rim. Center lid on jar. Apply band and adjust until fit is fingertip tight. PROCESS filled jars in a boiling water canner for 15 minutes, adjusting for altitude. Remove jars and cool. Check lids for seal after 24 hours. Lid should not flex up and down when center is pressed.

Apple Butter Recipe

1 cup sugar

1/2 cup brown sugar

5 Tbsp Ball ® RealFruit Instant Pectin

RealFruit Instant Pectin 3/4 tsp cinnamon

1/4 tsp allspice

1/4 tsp nutmeg

5 cups peeled, cored, coarsely chopped apples (about 5 med)

1 Tbsp lemon juice

4 Plastic Ball® (8 oz) Freezer Jars

STIR sugar, brown sugar, instant pectin, cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg in a bowl until well blended. Set aside. ADD apples and lemon juice to food processor or blender. Blend until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add apple puree to pectin mixture. Stir 3 minutes. LADLE jam into clean jars to fill line. Twist on lids. Let stand until thickened, about 30 minutes. SERVE immediately, refrigerate up to three weeks or freeze up to one year.

from Freshpreserving.com

Reduced Sugar Berry Jam

Makes about 4 (8 oz) half pints

PRESERVING METHOD:

Jam Maker

Ingredients

3 1/4 cups crushed berries (about 1 1/3 lbs or four 6-oz containers)

3 Tbsp Ball ® RealFruit Classic Pectin

RealFruit Classic Pectin 1/2 tsp butter or margarine

2 cups granulated sugar



DIRECTIONS:

CLEAN berries by rolling back and forth in an open towel. If dirt is obvious on berries,rinse carefully in cool running water and drain thoroughly. Crush berries one layer at a time using a potato masher. Measure required quantity of crushed berries and remaining ingredients for your recipe; set aside. SPRINKLE pectin evenly over bottom of the Pot fitted with the Stirrer. Add crushed berries evenly over pectin. Add butter/margarine to help reduce foaming. PRESS jambutton  the cook time will automatically default to 21 minutes. Press enter. WAIT 4 minutes for appliance to sound 4 short beeps indicating that it is time to add sugar. Add sugar gradually while Stirrer continues running. Place the Glass Lid on the Pot. THE APPLIANCE will continue to automatically stir your ingredients while it cooks. Stay within earshot of the Jam & Jelly Maker, the appliance will beep again at the end of the process signaling jam cooking is complete. Press cancel, unplug the appliance and immediately remove Glass Lid. REMOVE Stirrer using a pot holder. Skim foam, if necessary, from top of jam. PRESERVE berry jam immediately, using 1 of the 3 ways listed here.

Cherry Pie Filling:

Makes about 8 (16 oz) pints

PRESERVING METHOD:

Waterbath Canning

Ingredients

15 cups frozen red tart cherries (about 10 lbs), thawed for 24 hours in the refrigerator

3-1/2 cups sugar

1 cup ClearJel ® starch

starch 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon

1/4 cup lemon juice

4 Ball® (32 oz) quart or 8 (16 oz) pint preserving jars

HALF RECIPE:

7-1/2 cups frozen red tart cherries (about 5 lbs), thawed for 24 hours in the refrigerator

1-3/4 cups sugar

1/2 cup ClearJel® starch

1/4 tsp ground cinnamon

2 Tbsp lemon juice

2 Ball® (32 oz) quart or 4 (16 oz) pint glass preserving jars with lids and bands



DIRECTIONS:

DRAIN thawed cherries in a colander, placed over a large bowl, stirring occasionally, until 8 cups of juice have been collected, about 2 hours. Set liquid and cherries aside. PREPARE boiling water canner. Heat jars in simmering water until ready for use. Do not boil. Wash lids in warm soapy water and set bands aside. WHISK together 4 cups cherry liquid, sugar, ClearJel®and cinnamon in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly. Boil until thickened and mixture begins to bubble. Add lemon juice. Return to a boil and boil for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add reserved cherries all at once. Return to a boil, stirring constantly but gently. Remove from heat. LADLE hot cherry pie filling into hot jars leaving 1 inch headspace. Remove air bubbles. Wipe rim. Center hot lid on jar. Apply band and adjust until fit is fingertip tight. PROCESS filled jars in a boiling water canner 35 minutes for pints and quarts, adjusting for altitude. Remove jars and cool. Check lids for seal after 24 hours. Lid should not flex up and down when center is pressed.

Quick Tip: Store remaining 2 cups cherry liquid in Ball® Plastic Freezer Jars. Refrigerate up to 3 weeks or freeze up to 1 year. Use the cherry juice to flavor lemonade and citrus soda or drink straight for a tangy beverage!

Strawberry Rhubarb Jam

MAKES: 6 HALF PINT JARS

INGREDIENTS

2 cups crushed strawberries (about 1½ to 2 pounds)

2 cups chopped rhubarb (about 3 to 6 stalks)

6 tablespoons Ball Classic Pectin

¼ cup lemon juice, fresh or bottled

5½ cups sugar

INSTRUCTIONS

Prepare boiling water canner. Heat jars in simmering water until ready for use. Do not boil. Wash lids in warm soapy water and set bands aside. Combine strawberries, rhubarb, pectin, and lemon juice in a large saucepan, stirring to blend in pectin. Bring mixture to a boil over medium-high heat. Add sugar, stirring until sugar dissolves. Return mixture to a rolling boil that cannot be stirred down. Boil hard for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Skim off foam, if necessary. Ladle hot jam into a hot jar, leaving ¼-inch headpsace. Remove air bubbles. Clean jar rim. Center lid on jar and adjust band to fingertip-tight. Place jar on a rack in a boiling-water canner. Repeat until all jars are filled. Water must cover jars by at least 1-inch before processing. Bring water to a full rolling boil over medium-high heat. Cover canner, and process jars for 10 minutes (time starts when full boil begins). Turn off heat, remove cover, and let jars cool in the water for five minutes. Then, remove the jars from the canner, and place on a towel on the counter to cool completelydo not retighten any bans that have loosened. Cool 12 hours. Check lids for seal after 24 hours. Lid should not flex up and down when center is pressed. Label and store jars. Any jars that have not sealed should be stored in the fridge and eaten within a week.

Follow Lilian Woo on Twitter: @LilianNY

Click HERE to listen to more FOX & Food podcastsBy Alex Griswold, Mediaite

In one slightly awkward moment during Hillary Clintons Benghazi Committee testimony, the former Secretary of State suggested that now-deceased Ambassador Christopher Stevens was joking in an email where he was actually asking about the compounds security.A strange pig-snouted turtle that lived alongside tyrannosaurs and duck-billed dinosaurs has been discovered in Utah.

The University of Utah announced the finding in a news release Wednesday. A team from the Natural History Museum of Utah discovered fossils of strange-looking turtle in the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in southern Utah.

Joshua Lively of the University of Texas at Austin called it one of the weirdest turtles that ever lived. He studied the fossils for his master's thesis.

The 2-feet long turtle lived about 76 million years ago during the Cretaceous Period when southern Utah was a wet, hot climate with rivers and bayous.

Researchers say its pig-like nose with two nostrils makes it unlike any other turtle ever found.

The findings were published in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology.Executive Produced by FNCs Bill OReilly

FOX News Channel (FNC) will present a 10-week run of historical episodic specials entitled, Legends & Lies: Into the West, with the first installment debuting on Sunday, April 12th from 8-9PM/ET, announced Bill Shine, Senior Executive Vice President, FOX News. Executive produced by FNCs Bill OReilly, the hour-long episodes will recount the tales of the greatest characters of Americas Wild West, including Jesse James, David Crockett, Doc Holliday and Billy the Kid.

In making the announcement, Shine said, We are thrilled to present our viewers with insight that defined the Wests past and pay tribute to some of the most notorious American trailblazers.

Each week, Legends & Lies will feature a portrayal of the critical moment that made each American hero renowned, along with first-hand accounts from direct descendants and historians. Coupling that with the support of archival photographs and special effects, viewers will see the forensic science and hear the analysis, giving them a chance to decipher the true story behind each hero and separate the legend from the lie.

Two original episodes will run back-to-back for the premiere week with brand new episodes debuting every following Sunday. Legends & Lies will also be presented during additional weekend programming including, Saturdays at 8PM/ET and on Sundays at 9PM/ET. The docu-style series is produced by Warm Springs Production, which is known for such programs as The History Channels Mountain Men, Animal Planets American River Renegades and HGTVs Log Cabin Living.

FOX News Channel (FNC) is a 24-hour all-encompassing news service dedicated to delivering breaking news as well as political and business news. A top five cable network, FNC has been the most-watched news channel in the country for more than 13 years and according to Public Policy Polling, is the most trusted television news source in the country. Owned by 21st Century Fox, FNC is available in more than 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre.

# # #

FOX News Media Contact:

Carly Shanahan/212-301-3851We are about a week away from Breast Cancer Awareness month.

To me, and other survivors, October is the most important month of the year. With my efforts to raise awareness and research dollars for women's cancers, I am so pleased to remind you about the partnership my foundation has with Stella & Dot to support National Breast Cancer Awareness Month this October. Were thrilled to launch the Resilience Cuff, a signature accessory co-designed by actress Cobie Smulders.

For the past four years, 100 percent of the net proceeds raised in October by Stella & Dot's stylists and their Breast Cancer Boutique have gone directly to cutting edge women's cancer research. Stella & Dot has raised significant funds for Noreen Fraser Foundation (NFF).

Most recently, NFF has participated in the direct funding and trials of the drug palbociclib, aiding in the treatment of advanced breast cancer, which was approved by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA) in February 2015. The University of California, Los Angeles Dr. Dennis Slamon states, "With the FDA approval, palbociclib will now become a standard treatment approach for women with ER+/HER2-metastatic breast cancer, which is truly a monumental stride in the cancer research community."

As you know, I have been in treatment for metastatic breast cancer for 13 years. As women with breast cancer know, chemotherapy is debilitating. Having gone through seven different rounds of chemotherapy to keep my cancer under control, Ive decided that finding non-toxic therapies would be my top priority. The drug palbociclib is non-toxic, administered orally and it is the first of its kind to target only the cancer cells, not every cell like chemotherapy.

By granting funds for this specific project, I have surpassed my goal in helping to find a drug that will have minor side effects and create a quality life for women with breast cancer.

We could not have achieved this goal without the funds generated by Stella & Dot stylists. We are grateful for this money because it has directly helped fund the process of discovering this life-changing drug.

Please support our efforts and share on your social media channels Stella & Dot's breast cancer boutique.

Noreen Fraser is living with Stage IV metastatic breast cancer. She is the Founder and CEO of the Noreen Fraser Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to funding groundbreaking women's cancer research. To stay in touch with Noreen, please 'LIKE' The Noreen Fraser Foundation on Facebook and follow her on Twitter. Noreen can be contacted via email at noreen@noreenfraserfoundation.org.If youre looking to tackle a new DIY project in the near future and you need some inspiration, here are some great resources to get the creative juices flowing.

Instructables

One of the Internets biggest DIY goldmines, Instructables is a place where users can upload step-by-step instructions for any project imaginable. On the site, you can pick up basic skills like how to repair a hole in your drywall or fix water stains on furniture. But you can also learn how to master more advanced tasks like building a table out of old scrap lumber, or constructing an entire cabin from scratch. And the site isnt just a great place to find DIY inspiration. If you have a DIY skill that youve recently mastered, you can help out the community by sharing your knowledge on the site.

Room Planner

All good DIY projects begin with careful planning. To ensure that you dont make any mistakes along the way, the phone and tablet app Room Planner allows you to build a 3D model of you home. Whether youre looking to build an addition, remodel your kitchen, or just find the optimal placement for your furniture in a room, the app can help you see what the finished product will look like. And if youre working with a contractor or architect on your project, the app will help you explain your ideas, eliminating miscommunication between you and the building team.

Ikea Hackers

Beloved by budget-minded shoppers for its affordable and stylish furniture, Ikea also has an enthusiastic following of DIYers who love the furniture for its adaptability. The site Ikea Hackers  which isnt affiliated with the company in any way  is an online community dedicated to finding new purposes for the companys furniture. On the site you can learn how to transform a few shelving units into a storage bed, or covert a minimalist bookcase into a mid-century masterpiece.

Lowes & Home Depot

The big box retailers offer much more than deeply discounted tools and hardware. Both Lowes and Home Depot have dedicated sections on their sites to help homeowners become DIY masters. You can pick up useful tips, like how to properly maintain your deck, or spend the weekend tackling an ambitious project, like building your own shed. Home Depot even offers workshops, so you can learn a new skill in person, or just drop in to ask questions about a project that youre working on.

YouTube

Lengthy step-by-step tutorials arent for everyone. If youre more of a visual learner, watching a video and following along might be the best way to master a new skill. If youre looking for a how-to video, YouTube is one of the best resources around. Amongst its millions of videos, the site features channels for aspiring woodworkers, gardening and general home improvements. In addition to DIY-focused channels, you can also search the site for nearly any task under the sun. Helpful YouTubers have uploaded videos on everything from how to fix a clogged drain to how to set up a smart lighting system in your home.

Houzz

Looking for some high-quality inspiration? Turn to the home design site Houzz, which features a ton of outstanding home makeovers. In addition to showing off recently renovated homes, the site also features some great DIY tutorials and an online store where you can score a deal on stylish furniture and housewares. And if you need a little help with your DIY project, the site also allows you to quickly find a professional in your area.Makeup artist and photographer to the stars, Jake Bailey, has died at 37 of a possible suicide, ET has confirmed.

The Los Angeles County Coroner's office confirms that Bailey was found unconscious at his residence at 8:25 am on Friday. With an autopsy still pending, officials are reporting the cause of death as a possible suicide by carbon monoxide poisoning.

Click here to subscribe to FOX411s YouTube channel

Bailey worked with celebrities including Lea Michele, Christina Aguilera, Angelina Jolie, Jenna Dewan-Tatum, Katy Perry and, most recently, Selena Gomez.

PICS: See Jake Bailey's Sexy Swimsuit Photo Session With Selena Gomez

"Shameless" tar Emmy Rossum posted a heartbreaking tribute to Bailey on her Twitter account Friday, revealing that she had seen just seen him over the weekend.

I am gutted to hear of my friend Jake's passing. I saw him on Sunday, we flew together on a plane. He made me laugh as always. @ByJakeBailey  Emmy Rossum (@emmyrossum) October 23, 2015

I will miss his sense of humor, talent and kindness.  Emmy Rossum (@emmyrossum) October 23, 2015

If there are angels in heaven, they just got a little prettier... because Jake is up there painting their faces... putting lashes on them...  Emmy Rossum (@emmyrossum) October 23, 2015

"I am gutted to hear of my friend Jake's passing. I saw him on Sunday, we flew together on a plane. He made me laugh as always," she wrote. "I will miss his sense of humor, talent and kindness."

"If there are angels in heaven, they just got a little prettier," she continued. "Because Jake is up there painting their faces... putting lashes on them..."

WATCH: See Jake Bailey's Gorgeous Glam for Katy Perry's 'Vogue Japan' Cover Shoot

Octavia Spencer also remembered Bailey on her account.

"Is this RIP Jake Bailey real. Oh no! Please tell me it's a twitter hoax," she wrote. "My thoughts and prayers are with those who knew and loved #JakeBailey."

is this RIP Jake Bailey real. Oh no! please tell me it's a twitter hoax.  octavia spencer (@octaviaspencer) October 23, 2015

My thoughts and prayers are with those who knew and loved #JakeBailey.  octavia spencer (@octaviaspencer) October 23, 2015

A rep for Bailey with Starworks Artists issued the following statement to ET on Friday.

It is with deep sadness that we share the news of Jake Bailey's passing. He was an undeniable talent, a great friend, a loving son and brother, and our grief is shared with all those whose lives he's touched.

As one of the industry's most sought after makeup artists, Jake worked with an incredible client roster and his work has been featured in publications such as Vogue, Harpers Bazaar, Vogue Italia, Vanity Fair, and Allure. He collaborated with some of the top photographers in the fashion and entertainment industries and was also a passionate photographer himself. Jake was a mentor to many, and his work will continue to inspire. He will be truly missed by those who knew him.

In April 2015, Gomez shared a series of gorgeous swimsuit pics taken by Bailey on her Instagram account. See the beautiful session here.MONTREAL (AP) DeMarre Carroll scored 16 points and Kyle Lowry had 13 to lead the Toronto Raptors to a 92-82 win over the Washington Wizards on Friday night in the final preseason game for both.

DeMar DeRozan and Jonas Valanciunas added 12 points each, and Cory Joseph had 10 points off the bench.

Raptors: Trailed for most of the first half but took their first lead late in the second quarter and led 46-45 at halftime. ... Terrence Ross made the only one of 10 three-point attempts in the first half for Toronto (5-2). ... Former No. 1 draft pick Anthony Bennett made his first appearance in the fourth quarter, played 7:24 and had one field goal.

Wizards: Marcin Gortat's 16 points led Washington (4-3). ... Coach Randy Wittman went with a starting lineup of Gortat at center, John Wall and Bradley Beal in the backcourt, forwards Kris Humphries and Otto Porter Jr.

Up next: Toronto and Washington open the regular season Wednesday. The Raptors host the Indiana Pacers and the Wizards host the Orlando Magic.Yesterday, I was taking a meditation class that began with a dialogue about the power of intent. To some people, this may seem like a far-out concept, but I believe it works.

From all medical perspectives, there is no question that meditation has a positive effect on the brain and the bodys nervous system. It is basically a quieting of the mind. It could consist of spending a mere 15 to 30 minutes per day in a quiet environment where you can calm your mind and let go of the craziness of our minds babbling about what we should be doing (e.g. cleaning out a closet, running to the dry cleaners).

When you add intent to the process, you state your specific goal then begin quieting the mind. Meditation isnt based on material goals like buying a house or winning a million-dollar lottery ticket. It is an intention geared toward your emotional, physical or mental health.

While meditating the other day, my intent was to live a full day of calm one marked by no fighting (or should I say yelling at my son about finding a job?). I closed my eyes and repeated, "Stay calm." Of course, other thoughts come to you when youre trying to reach that point of peace. For me, one thought is: "What are you making for dinner tonight?" But meditation requires returning to your mantra when those disruptive thoughts enter your mind:Stay calm.

I am really trying to make this change in my life because I know that negativity, fear of dying, and worry about how I can make sure my children are taken care of when I leave the planet all add a tremendous amount of stress to my health. No one benefits from stress and worry, especially those of us coping with chronic illness.

I am going to focus on daily meditation and setting a positive intention before I begin.

My advice to you, whether youre struggling with chronic illness, are a mother juggling multiple responsibilities, or are completely healthy and/or single, is to create an intention for the now not for the future. I truly believe this will work for everyone. We just need to carve out that small amount of time to quiet our minds. We each and every one of us need to make time for us.

How did life become so crazy? We over-extend ourselves; we over-extend our children. We are competitive with other parents about our kids getting into the right schools. Our leaders can be shiftless and, sometimes, seemingly lack a moral compass. Nothing gets done because of the ego, which causes people not to work together for the common good. Letting go of that ego is a crucial part of meditating successfully.

In my rattling off my worries and concerns, Ive made it clear that I need meditation. If you can relate, I am asking you to try it. I am giving it a shot, and I plan to get my son to do it with me.

I wish you a peaceful, long weekend.

Noreen Fraser is living with Stage IV metastatic breast cancer. She is the Founder and CEO of the Noreen Fraser Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to funding groundbreaking women's cancer research. To stay in touch with Noreen, please 'LIKE' The Noreen Fraser Foundation on Facebook and follow her on Twitter. Noreen can be contacted via email at noreen@noreenfraserfoundation.org.If youre going to drive a muscle car, please remember that its not all about you.

Its about the kids you pass on the street  the nostalgic baby boomers at the local cruise night  the foreign tourists whove come to the USA to see the most awesome things America has to offer.

On paper, the car that best fits that description is the Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat. Its supercharged 707 hp Hemi V8 is like no engine thats come before it. Its more deserving of the Montgomery Burns Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Excellence than any muscle car in history.

The only problem is that Dodge put most of the effort under the skin. Aside from the angry feline badges on its fenders and a couple of bodywork tweaks, the Hellcat doesnt look all that much more outrageous than many of the other Challengers, which are all pretty outrageous.

But there is one that stands above them all and proves, yet again, that too much is never enough.

Related Image Expand / Contract

The 2015 Dodge Challenger 392 Hemi Scat Pack Shaker looks as impressive as its name sounds. While Id like to shorten that to 392 or Scat Pack or Shaker for the duration of this article, I cant, because those are three other Challenger models that Dodge has curated into this one.

Related Image Expand / Contract

Its 485 hp V8 measures 392 cubic inches. The Scat Pack is an appearance package that includes retro stripes, aggressive front splitter and spoiler and V8-powered cartoon bumblebee logos. And the Shaker, an air intake scoop mounted directly to the engine that sticks out through a hole in the hood, is the icing on the cake. It doesnt make the Hemi more powerful from the factory  other Challengers have intakes built into their hoods  and the engine is so smooth that it doesnt really shake, but if you feather your right foot you can make it twerk as burn rubber. An old-school muscle car staple, it is  and always will be  the coolest automotive feature ever created.

Painted a heritage Sublime Green, the 392 Hemi Scat Pack Shaker is American Gothic on four wheels, except that this masterpiece makes children literally jump for joy and their heads figuratively explode when they see it.

Related Image Expand / Contract

The starting price for being the center of attention is $44,590, which is about 16 grand less than a Hellcat. Sure, along with the siren scream of that cars supercharger, the 392 Hemi Scat Pack Shaker is short 222 horses, but unless youre pointed in a straight line with no speed limit signs in sight, they usually go to waste, anyway.

A 6-speed manual transmission is standard, and just $400 more buys the 8-speed automatic fitted to my test car. From there you can load it up with plenty of bells and whistles, including a premium sound system, navigation, a blind spot monitor and adaptive cruise control.

Related Image Expand / Contract

The 392 Hemi Scat Pack Shaker is no sports car  its a bruiser  but its not-too-firm suspension does admirable work, and its Brembo brakes are heroic. Its forte is still cruising, but its moves impressed me as I tossed it around the tight and twisty autocross track at Lime Rock Park in Connecticut, where the Hellcats power advantage would certainly do it little good. Granted, if Dodge ever did a Hellcat Scat Pack Shaker, the world might just tilt a little further on its axis. But until then, you will never feel inadequate driving this car.

Even at that historic track, where the greatest vehicles in the history of the world often come to play, the 392 Hemi Scat Pack Shaker attracted gawkers. But its real power was revealed when it had no power at all.

Related Image Expand / Contract

I got a little greedy racing around, ignored the low fuel warning and forgot that I was basically in the middle of nowhere. On the way home, the nearest gas station turned out to be exactly a quarter-mile too far away.

Fortunately, that quarter-mile was downhill, but the pumps I rolled up to were out of service, and I had no momentum left to U-turn to the ones that worked. What I did have was a crowd  not there to point and laugh, but pulled in by the gravity of the car, and more than happy to help get it going again.

Thats the American way.

----------

2015 Dodge Challenger 392 Hemi Scat Pack Shaker

Base price: $44,590

As tested: $46,180

Type: 5-passenger, 2-door coupe

Engine: 6.4-liter V8

Power: 485 hp/475 lb-ft torque

Transmission: 8-speed automatic

MPG: 15 city/25 hwyGeorge and Barbara Bush through the years

Former President and Mrs. Bush celebrated their 70th wedding anniversary on Jan. 6, 2015, the longest marriage for a U.S. president in the nation's history. Here's a look at the couple through the years.Goran Olsen was enjoying a leisurely hike recently in Norway when he stopped near the fishing village of Haukeli, about 150 miles west of Oslo. Under some rocks along a well-traversed path, he made a discovery that's now the envy of every detectorist in Scandinavia: a 30-inch wrought-iron Viking sword, estimated to be about 1,200 years old, CNN reports.

One would think a sword that old would be so decrepit it could never be wielded again, but a Hordaland County archaeologist says it just needs a little polish and a new grip to be good to go.

"The sword was found in very good condition," Jostein Aksdal notes, per the Local. County conservator Per Morten Ekerhovd adds, per CNN: "It's quite unusual to find remnants from the Viking age that are so well preserved  it might be used today if you sharpened the edge." The extreme weather in the area likely had something to do with the sword's relatively unscathed condition: The mountains are covered in snow and ice six months out of the year, and there's no humidity in the summer, so the sword would have been protected.

No one's sure what the blade's backstory is yet, but scientists are already thinking beyond winter and into the springtime thaw. "When the snow has gone in spring, we will check the place where the sword was found," Aksdal says.

"If we find several objects, or a tomb, perhaps we can find the story behind the sword." Ekerhovd says the weapon could have been from a burial site or belonged to someone passing through who may have died.

But "it was a costly weapon, and the owner must have used it to show power," Aksdal tells the Local. The Viking artifact has been sent for conservation at the University Museum of Bergen.

(The inscription on this medieval sword has become a real head-scratcher.)

This article originally appeared on Newser: Hiker Finds 1.2K-Year-Old Viking Sword

More From NewserHalloween hasn't even arrived yet, but retailers are busy preparing for Black Friday. Case in point: Dell, whose advertised deals were recently leaked on blackfriday.com.

According to the ad, the Dell will offer special online prices on TVs, computer gear, and tablets starting at 6 p.m. ET on Thanksgiving Day (November 26) through Black Friday (November 27), or as long as supplies last. Below you'll find our take on those Dell deals.

As for Consumer Reports, we've already offered these 5 Black Friday predictions, and we'll continue to cover Black Friday deals and more holidays news as information is released in the coming weeks.

TV Deals

Vizio M60-C3 60-inch 4K UHD TV, $800

This 4K set regularly sells for $1,250 at Best Buy and Walmart, so $800 is a great price. But don't be surprised to find the same deal at other retailers since Vizio has been very aggressive on Black Friday for the past two years. For more info on the set's virtues, check our TV Ratings.

LG 55UF6430 55-inch 4K UHD Smart TV, $700

Word has it this is a $200 discount. That's hard to verify since the seta 120Hz UHD TV with the LG webOS 2.0 smart TV platformisn't available anywhere else right now. Rumors last month suggested that it had been selling for $900.

Samsung UN32J4000 32-inch LED LCD TV, $178

This fairly basic 720p model sells for about $230 at several retailers, including Best Buy and Target. As part of the Black Friday special, it comes with a $50 Dell gift card.

Not in the market for a new TV? Here are some other deals that caught our eye:

Computer and Tablet Deals

Inspiron 14 3000-series Windows 10 laptop for $150 , a claimed savings of $150. The Celeron-based model is on sale now for $230 at Dell.



, a claimed savings of $150. The Celeron-based model is on sale now for $230 at Dell. Inspiron 15 3000-series Windows 10 laptop for $380 , a claimed savings of $220. This model has an Intel i3 processor, 4GB of memory and 500GB hard drive.

, a claimed savings of $220. This model has an Intel i3 processor, 4GB of memory and 500GB hard drive. Inspiron 15 5000 series Windows 10 laptop for $300 , a claimed savings of $200. But Dell has this modela Celeron-based touchscreen notebook with 4GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drivepriced at $350 now.



, a claimed savings of $200. But Dell has this modela Celeron-based touchscreen notebook with 4GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drivepriced at $350 now. Inspiron Micro desktop for $100. This Celeron-based Windows 10 mini-PC usually sells for $180.



This Celeron-based Windows 10 mini-PC usually sells for $180. Venue 10 5000 Series Tablet for $150. This is a good deal. It's selling for $329 now.



This is a good deal. It's selling for $329 now. Inspiron 11 3000 Series 2-in-1 for $300. You can get it at Dell right now for $350.



You can get it at Dell right now for $350. Inspiron 15 7000-series 2-in-1 for $500. It has a 15.6-inch screen, a Pentium processor, 4GB of memory, and a 500GB hard drive. It looks like this model costs about $550 now.



It has a 15.6-inch screen, a Pentium processor, 4GB of memory, and a 500GB hard drive. It looks like this model costs about $550 now. New Alienware 15 Laptop for $1,200. This one has a powerful i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 1TB hard drive. It's $1,600 now.



This one has a powerful i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 1TB hard drive. It's $1,600 now. New Alienware X51 Desktop for $1,250. It has an Intel i7K processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 2TB hard drive. It looks like you can get this now for $1,300.

Game Systems and Headphones

Xbox One Gears of War Ultimate Edition Bundle, plus Fallout 4 and an Extra Controller, for $300. The console alone usually sells for $350, so this is a good deal.

The console alone usually sells for $350, so this is a good deal. Sony MDR ZX770BT wireless Bluetooth headphones $73 , a claimed savings of $75. That's about right. Several retailers sell the set for around $150.

, a claimed savings of $75. That's about right. Several retailers sell the set for around $150. Bose SoundTrue in-ear headphones for $50. It looks like you can get this model for about $70 now, including at Bose.

Copyright © 2005-2015 Consumers Union of U.S., Inc. No reproduction, in whole or in part, without written permission. Consumer Reports has no relationship with any advertisers on this site.It wasnt so long ago that sushi was still considered an exotic delicacy by many, one too strange and outside-the-box to pay much attention to.

The seemingly simple pairing of raw fish and rice was the domain of the adventurous and the very rich, the ones who were looking to impress. Today, however, there are sushi restaurants across America of just about every stripe, from holes-in-the-wall turning out decent California rolls and tuna sashimi to sprawling emporiums run by internationally renowned chefs, from cozy neighborhood favorites to upscale counters that might as well be temples to fish and rice.

There are some amazing sushi restaurants in America, and this is our second annual ranking of the nation's 35 best  from a restaurant in Los Angeles where a 30-course omakase (chef's choice) menu costs $395 (and one in New York City where the bill rises to $450) to a counter tucked away inside a bustling Japanese market in Miami.

First, a little history: In the eighth century, a new way of preserving fish was developed in Southeast Asia, a process in which whole fish were salted and wrapped in fermented rice. The primary purpose of the rice was to prevent the fish from spoiling (it was thrown away before the fish was eaten)  but over the years, fermentation time decreased and people began eating the rice along with the fish. Eventually fermentation was done away with altogether, and the rice was treated with vinegar instead (the classic written form of the word sushi meant sour-tasting). By the early 1800s, sushi had become something of a fast food in Tokyo; chef Hanaya Yohei is generally regarded as having invented modern-style sushi at this time, although his fish was generally marinated in soy sauce or lightly cooked to prevent spoilage. Inexpensive sushi stands proliferated, and when they were outlawed by the government due to sanitation issues, the chefs took to opening their own restaurants instead.

Sushi finally made its way across the Pacific in 1966, when Noritoshi Kanai and business partner Harry Wolff opened Kawafuku in Los Angeles Little Tokyo. It was a huge success with Japanese businessmen, who introduced sushi to their American colleagues. Four years later, Osho opened in Hollywood and became popular with celebrities and other movers and shakers. The trend caught on in New York and Chicago, and it took its first major strides toward becoming mainstream when the California roll, the cuisines first attempt at Americanization, was invented  most likely in 1973 at a Los Angeles restaurant called Tokyo Kaikan by a chef named Ichiro Mashita. Obviously, L.A.'s contribution to sushi culture in America cant be overstated.

As with most of the finer things in life, the more you look into sushi, the more you realize how much there is to learn. For many, the boundaries of sushi dont extend far beyond a slice of fish on a small slab of rice, or rolled up with rice and seaweed, best complemented by some soy sauce, wasabi, and pickled ginger. And thats perfectly fine; at the vast majority of Americas sushi restaurants, thats all thats available, and theres nothing wrong with that. But the deeper you delve into sushi, the more you uncover. Words like sashimi, nigiri, maki, chirashi, and omakase become part of your culinary vocabulary, and before you know it youre realizing that you prefer yellowtail to fluke, and from that moment on youre hooked.As with most of the finer things in life, the more you look into sushi, the more you realize how much there is to learn.

"Great sushi starts with fresh fish and the right preparation, Toshi Ueki, the master sushi chef at New Yorks Blue Ribbon Sushi (which just missed inclusion in our ranking), told us when asked how he defines great sushi. The fish must be properly filleted so that it stays fresh throughout the process. When slicing, each piece has to be cut perfectly so that the final presentation is beautiful. Perfect sushi rice is also a key component."

But isnt the rice just rice? Not by a long shot. Rice needs just as much attention as the fish, from washing it correctly to cooking it and 'vinegaring' it correctly. The rice alone can take years to master: It needs to be short grain, hold its natural form, and be right at body temperature; it should also have just the right amount of vinegar added, and should be sticky enough that it doesnt fall apart as you bring it to your mouth. It should, however, separate into individual grains once you put it in your mouth. This is accomplished by applying the right pressure to the rice when forming the base of the sushi so the outer layer is more densely packed than the inside. And the topping (called neta) needs to be just the right size so its properly proportioned to the rice.

As for the fish, theres a lot more involved than just making sure its fresh. The first thing on my list is sourcing the best quality fish from southern Japan, Canada, and the Eastern Seaboard, but quality is more than just about the type of fish, Jose Icardi, the executive chef at Miamis Katsuya at SLS South Beach, added (Not all sushi chefs are Japanese these days, if you havent noticed). Its about getting the best texture and color, too. Sushi should have brilliant, fresh color, and melt in your mouth. After that, it is all about presentation.

The deeper you delve into sushi, you realize that it truly is an art form that you could spend an entire lifetime studying. So dive into the best sushi that can be found from coast to coast.A Chinese national has been arrested in connection to series of viral photos featuring tourists stripping down on a Malaysian beach in the coastal town of Semporna.

According to The Malay Mail Online, the unnamed man, who was identified from photos posted online, is a diving instructor who caters to Chinese tourists.

The suspect has visited Semporna several times, bringing in Chinese tourist groups to dive on the islands around Semporna, State criminal investigation department chief Datuk Salehhudin Abdul Rahman told Malaysian press Wednesday.

The photos circulating online features a group of 13 tourists. One shows a group of naked men with their backs to camera wading through shallow waters while a clothed female companion poses in the foreground. Another shows a group of three women sans bikini tops, their backs to the camera, and a smiling man wearing swim shorts standing beside them.

The suspect is being held in Malaysian court until a hearing on Oct. 25. He is being charged with public indecency, and faces a penalty of up to three months of jail time, a fine or both.

Such shameless incidents not only damage our reputation as a renowned tourist destination, but also spoils Sabah's image. What more, their behavior is totally unacceptable by the Semporna locals, most of whom are Muslims, Semporna district officer Dr. Chacho Bulah told the Malaysias Daily Express.

Authorities are not sure when exactly the pictures were taken but Bulah said his office has enlisted Interpols help to identify the tourists in the photograph and determine when they visited the country though they are all believed to have departed. Semporna detectives have determined that the photos were taken sometime between two years ago and the last two weeks.

The incident comes a few months after Eleanor Hawkins, a British backpacker, was fined and jailed for posing naked on a sacred mountain in May. Locals blamed Hawkins and her companions for angering the guardians of the mountain and causing a 6.0 magnitude avalanche which killed 18 climbers.× Obama Again Delays Afghanistan Drawdown

WASHINGTON (CNN) 

President Barack Obama announced Thursday that U.S. forces will remain in Afghanistan at their current levels throughout much of 2016, marking yet another delay in the administrations plans for completing its withdrawal from the 14-year conflict.

Speaking at the White House, Obama highlighted U.S. gains in Afghanistan and noted that the Afghan government and its security forces are now fully responsible for securing their country. But he also said that the U.S. still needs to bolster those forces.

While Americas combat mission in Afghanistan may be over, our commitment to Afghanistan and and its people endures, Obama said from the Roosevelt Room. As commander in chief, I will not allow Afghanistan to be used as a safe haven for terrorists to attack our nation again.

The decision to maintain 9,800 troops in Afghanistan until nearly the end of Obamas time in office comes after months of discussions with Afghanistans president, Ashraf Ghani, and the nations CEO, Abdullah Abdullah, senior administration officials said Wednesday night. Obama also consulted with U.S. military commanders on the ground in Afghanistan as well as his entire national security team, officials added.

According to the new White House plan, the number of U.S. military personnel in Afghanistan would drop to 5,500 by early 2017, as Obama prepares to leave office. At that point, U.S. forces would be based in the Afghan capital of Kabul, as well as in military installations in Bagram, Jalalabad and Kandahar.

The President will announce the results of what has been extensive and months long review, a senior administration official said.

This is the second draw-down delay announced by Obama this year. In March, Obama said he planned to reduce U.S. forces in Afghanistan 5,500 U.S. military personnel by the end of this year, and then to an embassy-only presence by the end of 2016.

The timeline for a withdrawal down to a embassy center presence, a normalization of our presence in Afghanistan, remains the end of 2016, Obama said in a joint press conference with Ghani last March.

Administration officials stressed U.S. military personnel in Afghanistan would continue to serve under two missions  to root out remnants of al Qaeda as well as train and equip Afghan security forces. U.S. forces could also conduct counterterrorism operations against elements of ISIS in Afghanistan, should the group present a threat to the U.S. homeland, senior administration officials added.

The original White House goal was to hand over the counterterrorism side of the U.S. mission to Afghan security forces this year.

Its in our interest to build up the Afghan security forces, said a senior administration official.

The estimated annual cost of maintaining current U.S. force levels in Afghanistan is $14.6 billion, a separate senior administration official said.

Obamas announcement is a major political reversal as he vowed to conclude the U.S. commitment in Afghanistan before he leaves office.

We will bring Americas longest war to a responsible end, Obama said at a Rose Garden ceremony in May 2014.

Retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona, a CNN military analyst and former intelligence officer, said Obamas decision is simply kicking this can down the road for the next president. Obama will be out of office by the time troops are set to be drawn down again.

This is this administration pushing this off to the next administration because the next time they have to make this decision, it will be a different president in the White House, Francona said.Argentines will be weighing continuity versus a financial overhaul Sunday as they pick the successor to President Cristina Fernandez, a polarizing leader who dominated national politics for 12 years.

Inflation is around 30 percent, the economy is stagnant and a bitter court fight with a group of creditors in the U.S. has scared off investors and kept Argentina on the margins of international credit markets. But the country is stable compared to the financial collapse of 2001-2002, when the country defaulted on $100 billion in debt and overnight millions of middle class people were impoverished. Today, many people don't notice effects of the macroeconomic problems in their daily lives.

Daniel Scioli, the governor of the Buenos Aires province and a former vice president, is the chosen successor to Fernandez, who is the most influential politician in Argentina, with an approval rating of around 50 percent.

Fernandez and her late husband and predecessor as president, Nestor Kirchner, are widely credited with lifting the nation after the collapse. Fernandez sharply increased spending on social welfare programs, which range from work training to stipends for single mothers. Her government also legalized gay marriage, the first in Latin America to do so, nationalized airline Aerolineas Argentinas and the YPF oil company and strengthened ties with Russia and China.

Scioli, a former boat racer who lost his right arm in an accident in the 1990s, has presented himself as the continuation of Fernandez's policies who will also fix anything that is broken. He bristles at suggestions that Fernandez will continue to dominate behind the scenes.

The lead opposition candidate is Mauricio Macri, the Buenos Aires mayor who has presented himself as the candidate to put Argentina's economy in order, promising to make a deal with the U.S. creditors that Fernandez blasts as "vultures" and lift unpopular currency restrictions.

To win, a candidate needs 45 percent of the votes, or 40 percent and at least a 10-point advantage over the nearest competitor.

The race is tight. Scioli is the front-runner, according to a half dozen polls published the last week.

In one poll, by Ricardo Rouvier and Associates, 40 percent of respondents said they would vote for Scioli compared to 29 percent for Macri. An additional 22 percent said they would vote for Sergio Massa, a former Fernandez loyalist who broke ranks to form his own party. The survey interviewed 1,200 people by phone Oct. 2-15 and had a margin of error of three percentage points.What will warships look like in three decades? Meet the next-generation HMS Dreadnought.

The British Ministry of Defence and Royal Navy challenged young scientists and engineers to design a future warship and the results may surprise you. Defense procurement specialist Startpoint has released stunning images of what the futuristic ship could look like.

This cutting-edge ship concept has been dubbed Dreadnought 2050 in honor of the 1906 HMS Dreadnought, a Royal Naval battleship that eclipsed all other warships at the time.

Related Image Expand / Contract Dreadnought 2050 (Startpoint 2015)

Dreadnought 2050, made of futuristic material, features state of the art weapons, command center and more. The ships structure is made of ultra-strong acrylic composites that can be turned translucent so that crew can see through it.

Related: Bulletproof lifejacket could save lives at sea

This means that from the Ops Room, commanders could see through the hull and watch close-in battles play out.

Weapons

The new Dreadnought would be equipped with a range of state-of-the art weapons like high-velocity torpedoes, speed-of-light weapons and drones constructed on the ship using 3D printers.

The graphene coated acrylic hull would be super strong.

At the bow, Dreadnought 2050 has an electromagnetic railgun that can fire projectiles as far as long-range cruise missiles can go today.

Along the sides of the ship there are missile tubes. These tubes can launch missiles faster than Mach 5  a hypersonic speed. The futuristic vessel is also equipped with directed energy weapons to thwart incoming threats.

Related: CTruk taps THOR for new military workboats

In the outrigger hulls, there are torpedo tubes that fire supercavitating torpedoes that travel at more than 300 knots. Supercavitating torpedoes can travel at such whopping speeds because they move through water in a sort of air bubble that reduces drag and friction.

Instead of a standard mast, Dreadnought 2050 has a tethered quadcopter that flies above the ship.

The quadcopter is equipped with multi-spectral sensors that provide critical data. But it is also armed with a laser to take out threats like enemy aircraft, missiles and more.

To provide the significant power these capabilities require, the quadcopters tether is made of carbon nanotubes that are cryogenically cooled.

Assault

A floodable dock, or moon pool, is incorporated into the design so that amphibious teams like SEALs or Royal Marines can rapidly deploy. The moon pool could also be used to deploy unmanned underwater vehicles on missions such as searching for explosive devices.

Above the dock there is an extendable flight deck and hangar that can be used for a fleet of weaponized drones.

A similarly-sized warship operating today would require about 200 crew, but the innovative warship would require less than half as many personnel. A current Ops Room, for example, could require 25 sailors to run it. Dreadnought 2050s Ops Room could be run by as few as five Sailors.

Command Table

Dreadnought 2050 features an Ops Room with a 3-D holographic command table. The holographic image can be rotated and commanders can zoom in on specific parts of the battlefield.

Related Image Expand / Contract Dreadnought 2050 (Startpoint 2015)

From the Ops Room, five or six people can control all operations from the deepest parts of the ocean through to outer space. From underwater and sea surface through to land and air, all areas of operation can be displayed and reviewed. Crew can use smaller holographic pods to manage specific areas of operation.

Real time data can be transmitted including secure voice, video or data to wherever it is needed.

Power

The Dreadnought 2050 warship is powered by a fusion reactor or highly efficient turbines. The turbines drive silent electric motors to water jets.

The graphene coating on the hull helps reduce drag and enhance speed. And the Dreadnought will have a low profile to ensure it is stealthy and hard to detect.

Ballet dancer turned defense specialist Allison Barrie has traveled around the world covering the military, terrorism, weapons advancements and life on the front line. You can reach her at wargames@foxnews.com or follow her on Twitter @Allison_Barrie.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2015 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Privacy - Ad Choices - Terms - FAQSend to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address

Post was not sent - check your email addresses!

Email check failed, please try again

Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.Deputies: Missing 4-year-old found in Greenville Co. Posted: Saturday, October 24, 2015 10:23 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, October 25, 2015 12:07 AM EDT

The Greenville County Sheriff's Office said a missing child was found Saturday night.

Deputies said 4-year-old Jack Headley was last seen around 8 p.m. at Hedgewood Terrace in Greer. Deputies and a helicopter assisted in searching the area.

At 11:30 p.m., deputies said the boy was found and was in good condition.

Anthony Stone, a resident in the neighborhood, said he heard about the search and joined to help. Stone said he found Jack behind some bushes at the corner of Hedgewood Terrace and Windward Way.

Copyright 2015 FOX Carolina (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.An inmate assaulted Colorado theater shooter James Holmes and a security officer at the state penitentiary, officials said Friday.

Adrienne Jacobson, a spokeswoman for the Colorado Department Corrections, told The Denver Post that inmate Mark Slim Daniels, 27, lunged at Holmes and took a few shots at him while the officer was escorting Holmes through a hallway on Oct. 8. Holmes was not injured.

It was in passing, she said.

Holmes was in a Management Control Unit, where hes allowed to spend four hours in a day hall. The Denver Post reports Holmes was attacked while the two inmates were passing each other in the hallway.

Jacobson told the Associated Press that Daniels will be disciplined during a hearing inside the Colorado State Penitentiary.

Daniels is serving time for several convictions, including menacing, auto theft, assault and smuggling contraband into prison.

A judge sentenced Holmes to life in prison without parole for killing 12 people and wounding 70 others at a movie theater in Aurora in July 2012.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Denver Post.Your car is always listening. Not for your voice, like the Amazon Echo or Siri, but for an electronic signal, such as the coded "unlock" signal from your electronic key fob. If it's a newer car model, you might not have to press any buttons; just approach your car and the doors will unlock automatically. In some cars, the engine will even turn on.

Wirelessly unlocking your car is convenient, but it comes at a price. Criminals can easily intercept the key fob's signal and open your car without setting off any alarms. If you have a true keyless car model, they might be able to just drive away. Let's look at how criminals pull this off and what you can do to keep your car safe.

How your car's security system works

As you've probably noticed, you can't just open your car with any old radio signal. You need your specific key fob to do the job, and there's a reason.

A key fob uses a computer chip to create a unique code that it sends to your car's security system. The car also has a chip that uses the same algorithm to generate codes. If the codes match up, the car opens. There's a bit more to it, but those are the basics.

How criminals attack #1

Since each key fob/car security pair is unique, and each one can create billions of codes, hackers shouldnt stand a chance. But it turns out that a popular system from Megamos Crypto isn't as secure everyone thought.

Researchers at Radboud University in the Netherlands and the University of Birmingham found that by intercepting the wireless signal just twice, they could narrow down the possible combinations from billions to just 200,000. After that, a computer can figure out the code in just half an hour and unlock the car.

In a real-world application, a thief could sit on a street and gather wireless signals as car owners enter and exit their vehicles. Then overnight they could steal a number of cars. Click here to find out if your car is at risk from this kind of attack.

Still, it takes a skilled car thief or hacker to carry out this kind of attack, so the odds of it happening to you are slim. But thanks to always-on key fobs, there's another risk that's much more likely to happen.

How criminals attack #2

Always-on key fobs present a serious weakness in your car's security. As long as your keys are in range, anyone can open the car and the system will think it's you. That's why newer car models won't unlock until the key fob is within a foot of them.

But for less than $100, criminals can get an amplifier that detects key fob signals from up to 300 feet away and then transmits them to your car. In other words, your keys could be in your house, and criminals could walk up to your car and open it. This isn't just a theory; it's actually happening.

Steps to stop car thieves

Fortunately, there are some simple steps you can take to keep hackers from stealing your signal. You can buy a signal-blocking pouch that can hold your keys, like the Hack-Blocking Card Pouch I sell in the Komando Shop.

If you dont want to spend any money, you can stick your key fob into the refrigerator or freezer. The multiple layers of metal will block your key fob's signal. Just check with the fob's manufacturer to make sure that freezing your key fob won't damage it.

If you're not hot on freezing your key fob, you can do the same thing with your microwave oven. (Hint: Don't turn it on.) Stick your key fob in there, and criminals won't be able to pick up its signal. Like any seasoned criminal, they'll just move onto an easier target.

Since your key fob's signal is blocked by metal, you can also wrap it up in aluminum foil. While that's the easiest solution, it can also leak the signal if you don't do it right. Plus, you might need to stock up on foil. You can also make a foil-lined box to put your keys in, if you're in a crafting mood.

You should also be aware that this kind of signal stealing isn't a problem just for car key fobs. Newer passports and other I.D. cards contain radio frequency identification chips that enable criminals to use a high-powered RFID reader to steal your information from a distance. You don't need aluminum foil, however. Explore the line of stylish RFID-blocking wallets, purses and passport cases I sell in the Komando Shop.

Key fob hacking isn't the only danger to modern cars. Learn how hackers can take control of cars through their entertainment systems and other avenues of attack.

On the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com. Kim also posts breaking tech news 24/7 at News.Komando.com.Four people were killed Saturday and 44 others injured when a car being driven by a suspected drunk driver crashed into a large crowd of spectators at the Oklahoma State University homecoming parade.

Police said the driver of the vehicle, Adacia Chambers, 25, of Stillwater, Okla., was taken into custody on suspicion of driving under the influence.

Stillwater police Capt. Kyle Gibbs said at an afternoon press conference the woman's sedan struck the unoccupied motorcycle of an officer working security at the parade, then into the crowd of people. The crash happened around 10:30 a.m., police said.

Eight of the injured were airlifted to hospitals with critical injuries, Gibbs said.

Hospital officials said Saturday evening that a 2-year-old became the fourth person to die as a result of the crash.

The child's death was reported in a news release from OU Medical Center and The Children's Hospital in Oklahoma City. The child died at The Children's Hospital.

Chambers' father, Floyd Chambers of Oologah, told The Oklahoman newspaper he couldn't believe his daughter was involved and insisted she was not an alcoholic. He described his daughter as "timid" and said she had attended homecoming festivities Friday night with family members but that her boyfriend had told him she was home by 10 p.m.

"This is just not who she is. They're going to paint her into a horrible person but this is not (her)," Floyd Chambers told the paper.

Oklahoma State University President Burns Hargis said there had been discussion about canceling the homecoming game Saturday afternoon against Kansas, but it was played as scheduled.

The victims were remembered with a moment of silence before kickoff, and most of the OSU players knelt on the sideline in prayer.

"We are heartbroken at this tragedy," Stillwater Mayor Gina Noble told reporters at the news conference.

Witnesses told KOTV there was a terrifying crash as a car slammed into parade watchers at a high rate of speed.

Dave Kapple of Houston told the Stillwater News Press that he and his son were about 10 feet away when they saw the vehicle barreling into the crowd.

"We heard somebody scream, `Look out!.' (The driver) plowed through a police motorcycle, and then a crowd of people," Kapple said. "People were flying everywhere."

Another witness, Konda Walker, an Alaska resident and 1991 OSU alum, told the paper, "At first we thought it was part of the show. People were flying 30 feet into the air like rag dolls."

Larry Smith told the paper he could see the driver was a woman.

"I was sitting right here and she came plowing through," he said. "All I saw was bodies flying, kids flying. It was horrible."

OSU sent out a tweet on the tragedy offering condolences: Oklahoma State University is saddened by the tragic parade incident earlier this morning. Our thoughts & prayers are with those affected.

 Oklahoma State Univ. (@okstate) October 24, 2015

Tragedy struck OSU's sports department in 2001 when ten people, including two OSU men's basketball players, were killed in a plane crash while returning from a game in Colorado.

Four years ago Oklahoma State women's basketball coach Kurt Budke and assistant Miranda Serna were among four killed in a plane crash in Arkansas while on a recruiting trip.

"The families, I know, and these victims will never be able to understand this, nor will we," Hargis said. "But the Cowboy family pulls together, unfortunately we've had to do it before and were going to do it again."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click here for more from the Stillwater News Press.The other shoe dropped, but it fell strategically in place. I was living my fear of fears sitting with the doctor the day after my CT scan to hear the results. It was torture. I was worried, as you know, because of my rising tumor markers. However, everything is stable. Now I can try to forget for the next two months that I have incurable cancer.

On Friday I will be in New York City attending Charity Day at Cantor Fitzgerald. Its a wonderful annual event held every year on 9/11, on which BGC Partners and Cantor Fitzgerald donates 100 percent of its global revenue to the Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund and to dozens of charities around the world, including the Noreen Fraser Foundation (NFF).

This will be NFFs fifth year participating in Charity Day, which is observed by the Cantor Fitzgerald offices in New York, Sydney, Hong Kong, and Singapore, and commemorates the employees of Cantor Fitzgerald who perished in the World Trade Center attacks. Since its inception, Charity Day has raised about $113 million globally. It truly is an event that turns a tragic day into one that is positive and uplifting through helping others.

This year, Fox News' Kimberly Guilfoyle will be joining us to raise significant funds by working the phones on the trading floor. I am so appreciative of her time.

Noreen Fraser is living with Stage IV metastatic breast cancer. She is the Founder and CEO of the Noreen Fraser Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to funding groundbreaking women's cancer research. To stay in touch with Noreen, please 'LIKE' The Noreen Fraser Foundation on Facebook and follow her on Twitter. Noreen can be contacted via email at noreen@noreenfraserfoundation.org.Alex Morgan appears on the verge of moving from the Portland Thorns to the NWSL's expansion team in Orlando. Brett Carlsen Getty Images North America

ORLANDO, Fla. -- If Alex Morgan is on the verge of joining the National Women's Soccer League's new expansion team in Orlando, she still isn't ready to say so just yet.

Morgan says nothing is confirmed regarding a possible trade that would send her from the Portland Thorns to Orlando's newly announced expansion team. But she acknowledged Saturday that her agent is in negotiations with the city she calls home.

The U.S. national team forward who helped the Americans win the recent World Cup made her comments before practice for Sunday's exhibition match against Brazil.

Sports Illustrated first reported the potential deal that would send Morgan and Canadian Kaylyn Kyle to Orlando for the Pride's first pick of the NWSL draft, two international slots, and the U.S. national team defender Meghan Klingenberg, currently with the Houston Dash.The severe drought in the Brazilian Amazon region, where large rivers have dropped to extremely low levels and electricity in this parched area is in short supply, has created a crisis in the country's northern states, authorities said Saturday.

The Western Amazon River Authority said that navigation of rivers in the region, such as the Solimoes and the Rio Negro, has been impeded by the low water levels, while state oil company Petrobras faces problems of shipping out its production of crude and natural gas.

Petrobras has had to halt some tankers on the Rio Negro and the Solimoes until those rivers again become navigable and the navy authorizes ships to sail on to the oil fields.

This scenario contrasts with what happened several months ago, when the region was drenched by powerful downpours and the consequent flooding that for days put a number of cities in a state of emergency.

The lakes of Aleixo and Puraquequara near the Solimoes River in the metropolitan region of Manaus, capital of Amazonas state and the largest city of the region, are almost dry, causing environmental damage and putting the region's fishermen out of business.

Some seaplanes that use these lakes to take off and land are currently stranded.

Inhabitants of the Manaus area told EFE that electricity has been cut off without warning, to the detriment of local production that depends on air conditioning and refrigeration.

The supply of products that arrive by river to Manaus has dwindled due to the low level of tributaries to the Amazon, while the shipping of merchandise from the duty-free zone has to be done by air, which will increase costs to consumers.

In the neighboring state of Acre, high temperatures and power cuts this week caused the death of at least 12,000 chickens that could not support the intense 45 C (113 F) heat. EFEU.S. forces engaged in the deadly raid to free ISIS hostages in northern Iraq after they saw the prisoners' "graves had been prepared," Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Friday.

He reiterated that U.S. service members were in "advise and assist" roles, saying that the plan was not for American forces to enter the firefight. However, he later added, "This is combat, things are complicated."

Secretary Carter said the freed hostages explained what they had experienced after the rescue, adding that "we could see" the graves next to the compound.

One American was killed in the raid, the first U.S. service member to die in the ground fight against ISIS in Iraq. The Pentagon identified him as 39-year-old Master Sgt. Joshua L. Wheeler of Roland, Oklahoma, and said his body would return to the U.S. Saturday.

Pentagon officials say he died from enemy fire during the operation to free as many as 70 Arab hostages. They say he was assigned to Special Operations Command at Fort Bragg in North Carolina.

Dozens of U.S. special operations troops and Iraqi forces raided the compound Thursday, killing and capturing a number of militants, and recovering what the Pentagon called a trove of valuable intelligence about the terrorist organization.

More on this... Pentagon names US service member killed fighting ISIS

Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said the target of the raid was a prison near the town of Hawija and that the raid was undertaken at the request of the Kurdish Regional Government, the semi-autonomous body that governs the Kurdish region of northern Iraq. He said U.S. special operations forces supported what he called an Iraqi peshmerga rescue operation.

The peshmerga are the Kurdish region's organized militia. The U.S. has worked closely with them in training and advising roles, but this was the first known instance of U.S. ground forces operating alongside Iraqi forces in combat since launching Operation Inherent Resolve last year.

"This operation was deliberately planned and launched after receiving information that the hostages faced imminent mass execution," Cook said, adding later that it appeared the hostages faced death "perhaps within hours" and that freed hostages told authorities some had been killed at the prison recently, prior to the rescue.

Cook said Secretary Carter approved the U.S. participation in the mission. Cook called it "consistent with our counter-ISIL effort to train, advise and assist Iraqi forces."

U.S. combat troops have rarely, if ever, participated directly in combat against IS fighters on the ground since the U.S. mission began in 2014. The U.S. has mostly limited its role to training and advising Iraqi and Kurdish forces, airdropping humanitarian relief supplies and providing daily airstrikes in ISIS-held areas of Iraq and Syria.

Cook said it was a "unique" circumstance for the American military in Iraq, although he would not say that it was the only time U.S. forces have engaged in a form of ground combat in Iraq as part of Operation Inherent Resolve. He said it was in keeping with the parameters of the U.S. military's role in Iraq.

"They are allowed to defend themselves, and also defend partner forces, and to protect against the loss of innocent life," Cook said. "And that's what played out in this particular operation."

In a separate statement, the Kurdish government said the operation lasted about two hours and was led by its counterterrorism forces, with support from coalition troops. It made no mention of intelligence indicating the captives were in imminent danger of being killed, as asserted by the Pentagon.

The Kurdish statement said more than 20 ISIS fighters were killed in the operation about four miles north of Hawija. It said 69 hostages were freed, none of whom were Kurds, and it thanked the Americans for their bravery.

The Islamic State group released a communique late Thursday dismissing what it called "a failed operation by the crusader coalition" since peshmerga fighters were not among the rescued hostages. The statement could not immediately be verified, but it was distributed on Twitter accounts with links to the group.

Cook said four peshmerga soldiers were wounded.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Fighting among House Republicans is so public, so loud and so disruptive that Congress cannot deal with big issues  from budgets to immigration.

House Republicans cant even name a speaker.

The quickest path to a return to health for the party is a political divorce.

The Tea Party activists need to make it official and petition to form their own political party. Heritage Action, the Senate Conservative Fund and right-wing talk radio can lead the Tea Party faithful to the exit.

The Tea Party activists need to make it official and petition to form their own political party.

That will liberate Tea Party politicians from the mainstream GOPs willingness to make political deals with Democrats. And it will allow far right conservatives to form their own agenda and elevate their own leaders. Instead of undercutting mainstream Republicans, Sen. Ted Cruz can claim the mantle of the leader of the new party.

That opens the door to a stronger Tea Party forming coalitions with Republicans and even conservative Democrats when it is in its best interest.

The need for the breakup has been evident in polling.

A CBS/New York Times poll last month found that 22 percent of Americans consider themselves supporters of the Tea Party movement.

Gallup has polled support for the Tea Party among Republicans since 2010. Last year it found that the number of Republicans who say they support the Tea Party dropped 20 points between 2010 and 2014. Support for the Tea Party among Republicans is stuck in the 40s.

If just half of the Republicans who support the Tea Party break away and enlist in a new Freedom Party, that will give them a political power base and leverage they do not currently have because they are inside the tent.

Most Western European democracies rely on coalition governments.

In Britain, the Conservative government formed a coalition with the Liberal Democrats.

In France, the Socialist party has a coalition government built on an alliance with The Greens, an environmentalist party, and the Radical Party of the Left, a party more liberal than the Socialists.

In the U.S., it is time for the far right of the GOP to make its move. Look at the increasing ideological distance between the GOP and the Tea Party over the last few years.

In 2010, the Young Guns  Eric Cantor, Kevin McCarthy and Paul Ryan  were supposed to reinvigorate the GOP with a younger, energetic brand of conservatism.

Cantor was defeated last year in his own congressional Republican primary in Virginia.

McCarthy was forced out of the speakers race, and it is unclear whether he will remain in House GOP leadership at all.

And Paul Ryan is under attack from Tea Party activists who distrust him for cutting a trade deal with President Obama and a budget deal with Sen. Patty Murray, D-WA.

In the span of a few short years, Cantor, McCarthy and Ryan went from being the great conservative hope of the party to insufficiently conservative targets for hard-right political retribution.

The pressure for a breakup is already forcing politicians to choose sides.

California Rep. Tom McClintock recently walked away from the Tea Party. He announced his separation from the dissident Republicans in a letter to Rep. Jim Jordan, the chairman of the Freedom Caucus.

When the House Freedom Caucus formed in January, I fervently hoped that it would provide responsible and effective leadership to advance conservative principles in the House of Representatives.  I believe the tactics the HFC has employed have repeatedly undermined the Houses ability to advance them, McClintock wrote.

I feel that the HFCs many missteps have made it counterproductive to its stated goals and I no longer wish to be associated with it.

Another Republican congressman, Reid Ribble of Wisconsin, similarly quit the Freedom Caucus last week.

I was a member of the Freedom Caucus in the very beginning because we were focused on making process reforms to get every Members voice heard and advance conservative policy, Ribble said in a statement. When the Speaker resigned and they pivoted to focusing on the leadership race, I withdrew.

Something has to give.

With deadlines looming over the debt ceiling, the expiration of the Highway Trust Fund and major public policy issues, the status quo needs to be disrupted in a big way.

Once the Freedom Caucus and its supporters are allowed to compete, rise and fall as an autonomous political party, the happier everyone will be and the more functional the government will become.

The time has come for the members of the Freedom Caucus to act boldly and forfeit the R after their names  along with all the money and the political infrastructure that come with it.

It is also time for mainstream Republicans to admit that the dysfunction in their camp is hurting the partys chances in the presidential race by turning off voters. It is also a problem for Republican efforts to win enough seats in 2016 to hold their majority in the Senate.

Both sides have good reason to ask for this divorce.

Juan Williams is a co-host of FNC's "The Five," where he is one of seven rotating Fox personalities.

President Obama defended the #BlackLivesMatter movement this week by saying theyre trying to bring attention to a problem that is exclusive to the black community:

But are black neighborhoods the only ones deal with police shootings? And are the bad cops really not being held accountable?

While appearing on FOX NEWS Americas Newsroom discussing an Anti-Cop Protest scheduled to take place in New York City just days after a NYPD officer was murdered, FOX News Radios Tom Sullivan says both the #BlackLivesMatter movements timing and facts are wrong! HERE IT IS:BATON ROUGE, La. -- Brandon Harris passed for a career-high 286 yards, with two of his three scoring passes going for more than 50 yards, and No. 5 LSU beat Western Kentucky 48-20 on Saturday night.

Leonard Fournette ran for 150 yards and a short touchdown on a soggy field, giving him 1,352 yards rushing and 15 TDs this season.

Now LSU (7-0), which has next weekend off, can look forward to another huge showdown with Alabama (7-1) on Nov. 7 in Tuscaloosa. The eighth-ranked Crimson Tide, which also has next weekend off, beat Tennessee on Saturday.

The Hilltoppers (6-2) were as close to the Tigers as 17-13 on Brandon Doughty's 39-yard touchdown pass to Antwane Grant in the third quarter, but LSU (7-0) scored the next 17 points.

Malachi Dupre caught a 55-yard scoring pass on LSU's opening series. Tigers freshman Tyron Johnson made a tough downfield catch over defender Wonderful Terry, then scampered about 20 yards for his 61-yard score in the third quarter. Travin Dural, who had five catches for 132 yards, caught a 17-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter.

Doughty, who came in averaging 387 yards passing, finished 37 of 61 for 325 yards, three TDs and one interception. Taywan Taylor had 10 catches for 103 yards and one TD for WKU.

LSU finished with 211 yards rushing, well below its average of 325.5 yards coming in. Derrius Guice wound up with the Tigers' longest run -- a late 47-yard touchdown dash.

WKU's defense sold out to stop the run, and Fournette in particular. The Hilltoppers kept LSU's star running back from breaking loose for much of the game, but the Tigers countered with several big passing plays.

After opening with four Fournette rushes for 15 yards on its first series, LSU took a 7-0 lead on Harris' deep throw to Dupre.

Yet LSU stuck with running plays for most of the first half with less success than usual, gaining just 82 yards on 23 carries.

Western Kentucky, which came into the game averaging 535.4 yards and 44 points, could not move the ball at its usual pace against LSU's defense, but managed to tie the game on its fifth possession. D'Andre Ferby broke loose for a 35-yard run, setting up Anthony Wales' 7-yard touchdown on a shovel pass from Doughty.

Harris attempted only nine passes in the first half, completing four. One of those completions, however, went for 67 yards to Dural, setting up Darrel Williams' 2-yard run that gave LSU a 14-7 lead at halftime.

LSU place kicker Trent Domingue, who scored a touchdown on a fake against Florida a week earlier, went back to his usual routine, hitting a pair of field goals to make him 9 of 9 this season. His second, from 43 yards made it 20-13.

Harris set up Fournette's 1-yard TD by completing a 25-yard pass to Dupre moments before he was leveled by linebacker Dejon Brown. Brown was flagged for targeting and ejected.

Western Kentucky finished with 428 yards, more than 100 yards below its average coming in, while LSU racked up 497 yards.Jesse Watters asks the folks about Benghazi and where they get their news on 'The O'Reilly Factor.' Watch and weigh in!Who needs a translator?

Kids certainly don't aboard a cruise ship, even far from home. "We use a lot of sign language," explained Elizabeth Williams, who is 13 and from London, cruising in Japan aboard the Diamond Princess with her family. Forty percent of the guests were Japanese.

Elizabeth made fast friends on board with two Canadian teens and Yuka Iwasa, who speaks very little English. "You meet a lot of different people from different parts of the world and you spend a crazy time with all of them," she explained, her friends all giggling at her side.

Listen up parents and grandparents. If you think great sites are the reason you are treating your children and grandchildren to a cruise, think again. A lot of what they learn about the world takes place right on board in the kids' and teen clubs, especially when they are meeting so many youngsters from different cultures and countries. "We'd much rather be on the ship than touring," said Vivian Trinh, 14 and from Toronto.

Dilini Desilva from Sydney, Australia, was pleasantly surprised when her two young daughters preferred time on board with their new multilingual friends to touring with their parents. "This is our first cruise and it's marvelous," she said.

Families like the Desilvas like cruising because it offers the opportunity for family time, as well as guilt-free adult time because the kids are so happily ensconced in organized activities where they are also expanding their horizons.

There are opportunities for learning together too. Princess Cruises has teamed up with Discovery Communications to offer families new science-focused activities based on hit TV shows -- think stargazing at sea or Animal Planet-recommended shore excursions.

It's so easy too, parents and grandparents said on the Diamond Princess. They can tour a foreign country (or countries) without packing or unpacking or worrying about finicky eaters, as they can always find something to eat -- a burger, pizza, noodles. Families also like the all-inclusive nature of paying for transportation, lodging, entertainment and food. I just wish there were fewer upcharges -- everything from specialty coffee to specialty restaurants.

Still, families don't tend to appreciate the opportunities their kids will have to mix and mingle with kids from around the world until they get on board. On the Diamond Princess, which underwent a $30 million renovation last year, for example, there were people from 39 countries, including more than 1,000 from Japan. The crew came from 44 countries. Princess Cruises adapted with Japanese-speaking staff, Asian food (think rice and miso soup among the breakfast offerings, a ramen bar in the afternoon and a sushi specialty restaurant, as well as Asian offerings in the dining room) entertainment (more magic and Japanese-style comedy), the chance to try on traditional Japanese dress and a Japanese Izumi bath experience -- think sitting in a big hot tub sans bathing suit (there is one for men and one for women) looking out at sea. More than 50 westerners turned up for a Japanese language lesson.

"I've learned so much on board," said Josh Berkowitz, 13, cruising with his grandmother, Myrna Dukart from suburban Philadelphia. The trip was his bar mitzvah gift, he explained, and he didn't mind a bit that there were just 134 kids and teens as compared to 1,000 on some Caribbean and Mediterranean itineraries. "You get to know people better," he explained adding that he was even taking some etiquette lessons back to school. "The Japanese are so polite," he added. "I'm going to try to be more polite when I get home."

What else did the kids learn about Japan?

"The sushi is different, much fresher," offered Vivien Tranh.

But once was enough for unfamiliar ice cream flavors like squid ink ice cream.

Japan is that rare combination of a commitment to tradition and cutting edge of technology in entertainment. "Kids and adults see in Japan that there is more than one way to do things and that one way isn't good or bad, just different, and that's what makes life interesting," said Heather Clement, a Japan expert who serves as the ship's ports expert and is working on innovative products for cruise passengers in Japan who want to tour independently. (Check out her website www.cruiseportnavigation.com.)

This particular itinerary started in Yokohama and traveled north stopping in towns like Kushiro, Otaru (time to try a traditional Japanese bath) and Hakodate where we sampled the most amazing sushi. At another port, we opted for an excursion in Japanese so we could tour a national park. It seems the Japanese go in for more active shore excursions. In Hakodate, Japanese teens in their school uniforms were waiting, hoping English-speaking passengers would allow them to practice their English. We did, of course, and they handed out rice cookies.

What do you like to do for fun? We asked the Japanese teens.

"Lucky Pierrot!" they declared. We figured out that was a local burger and ice cream place that certainly would appeal to the teens on board.

"It's amazing how the kids communicate," observed Caroline Andrews, the mom of Jessica Maresca, 8. Andrews has had a lot of time to observe. Her husband, Fabrizio Maresca, is a veteran Princess captain commanding the crew of 1,050 when we were aboard recently. His wife and daughter sail with him whenever Jessica isn't in school. That the kids on board are from all over the world and might not speak English or Italian, Jessica's two languages, is never an issue, her mom said.

"The older kids teach each other language," agreed Justine Pastor, the youth programs manager and a 10-year Princess veteran herself. "At the end of the day, they all play together. The kids help us translate." Of course, the crew, including kids' club staff, come from around the world as well and speak many languages.

Josh Berkowitz, for one, says he plans to keep in touch with his new friends, just as he has with other kids he's met from around the world on past cruises. "You learn more being in a country for a week on a cruise than in school for half a year," he said. "I'm going to miss the friends I made and the crew and Japan. I'm going to come back for sure."

Eileen Ogintz is a nationally syndicated columnist and creator of TakingtheKids.com. Her new Kids Guide to Boston is available online and from major booksellers, along with the Kids Guides to NYC, Washington, DC, Orlando, LA and Chicago. Coming later this year: San Diego, San Francisco and Denver.INSIDE THE AMTRAK TRAIN CRASH

Authorities in Philadelphia responded Tuesday night to an Amtrak train derailment in the neighborhood of Port Richmond. Six people died and six more remain critically injured, some were unaccounted for and more than 140 more riders were being evaluated and treated at local hospitals, as federal investigators were on scene to determine what caused the accident.In her first release in almost three-and-a-half years, Carrie Underwoods fifth album, Storyteller, drops Friday. Most of the 13 tracks center on the country stars familiar themes: tight-knit working-class communities, trust in faith, and intense struggle, whether personal or social.

The albums first single, Smoke Break, manages to incorporate all three in profiling a small-town, hard-working woman who scuffles to feed four children. When youre doing all the giving, the lyrics explain, Its hard to be a good wife, good mother and a good Christian.

No wonder the beleaguered, tee-totaling mom of the song sometimes needs a stiff drink, she confesses. Furthermore, I know it might sound bad, but sometimes I need a smoke break.

Underwood, 32, is a seven-time Grammy Award winner who has recorded 21 No. 1 singles and sold 58 million records worldwide. She has never shied away from underscoring her faith and religious beliefs and lays them out for all to see.

Its how I was raised, she once told this writer. I honestly believe there is something, somewhere, watching over me, whether its angels or God himself pointing me in the directions I need to go. Im very thankful.

Underwoods songs continue to make that clear, even as modern country music moves away from what used to be a staple of the genre, what old-school hillbilly star Porter Wagoner always called a sacred number.

After Jesus, Take the Wheel came out, Underwood said, Id do interviews, and people would go, Wow, singing about God! That was risky! I was like, Really? Gospel music and country music has gone hand-in-hand for decades. Plus, it was just me. It was me!

The girl-next-door quality she exudes isnt an image, confirmed Randy Lewis, who has covered country music for the Los Angeles Times since 1981. Its who she is.

On Nov. 4, for the eighth consecutive year, Underwood will co-host the Country Music Associations live television broadcast with Brad Paisley. Together, they are countrys King and Queen of Clean, which is why Underwood was the perfect choice to play Maria von Trapp in NBCs 2013 production of The Sound of Music. The live three-hour holiday special attracted 44 million viewers but got a thumbs down from reviewers.

Underwood has said she never wants to do or say anything she cant explain to her grandchildren, so she held her tongue the best she could.

Mean people need Jesus, she tweeted. They will be in my prayers tonight.

Sometimes critics forget that a whole lot of folks travel the middle road, said Chrissie Dickinson, former editor of the Journal of Country Music. Underwood has no problem traveling down that path.

While former country  and now pop star  Taylor Swift struts her cool, inviting such rock superstars as Mick Jagger and Alanis Morissette onstage to duet, Underwood downplays the flash. As glamorous as she is onstage, she also gives off an honest, down-to-earth vibe in sweatpants and T-shirts.

I cant hang with people like Lady Gaga, she said. I dont fit in there. Thats not my heart. I grew up listening to country music. I love to bring other elements of music into mine. We have some borderline rock and pop songs, and I love doing stuff like that. But in the end, Im a country artist, and we wanted people to know that right off the bat.

I think that she is probably the best female vocalist to come out of Nashville, maybe ever, said her friend Miranda Lambert, the CMAs five-time Female Vocalist of the Year. The mystery about her is that she does have this girl-next-door image, but then she comes out in fishnets. The first time I saw that, I was like, Hey, thats pretty gutsy! I think its cool. But if I had her thighs, I would do the same. With her, what you see is what you get. Shes not fake at all.

Since winning American Idol in 2005, Underwood has made a career of celebrating the old-fashioned values she grew up near the tiny rural town of Checotah, Okla. The population hovers at just under 3,500, and the beauty shop is nestled in the town hardware store.

The people in Oklahoma are not like any other people anywhere else, she told me. I know there are good people everywhere, but it seemed like there were more good, happy people in Oklahoma. In my little town, if you drove your car down the street and you waved at somebody, theyd wave back. We all knew each other, and it was nice that I could go out with my friends and roam around the streets and my parents didnt have to worry. It was a good place to grow up.

The baby of a family of three girls, Underwood learned to sing in church as a child. Hers was a solid and seemingly all-American upbringing. The Underwoods resided in the same house for more than 30 years, raised a few cattle (Were not the croppin kind, Carrie explained), and the singers grandfather lived five blocks down the street. A tomboy in her youth, she has always been extremely close to her mother, and continues to be today.

In high school, Underwood was a well-rounded student, the salutatorian of her graduating class who balanced athleticism and cheerleading with her studies. At college at Oklahomas Northeastern State University in Tahlequah, where she studied broadcasting, she joined a sorority, volunteered for hospice care, and participated in beauty pageants and talent shows.

She waited tables to help her parents, an elementary school teacher and a paper mill worker, pay her tuition. Shed never been on an airplane until she auditioned for American Idol, and almost turned back at the last minute.

Throughout history, from Roy Acuff to Dolly Parton, country music culled its biggest stars from its own brethren  people who grew up working the land or blue-collar jobs and sang about hard times. No matter how much money they made doing it (and Underwood is reported to be the biggest American Idol earner of all time, with a total career net worth of more than $110 million), country stars were symbolic ordinary people who never got above their raising, or forgot their roots.

Most of that began to change in the 80s and 90s, and now new singers come to Nashville with a lawyer ready to draw up their deals.

Underwood manages to fill that gap, even as Nashville was at first skeptical of a young woman who had come to town via an American Idol win. But her genuineness quickly won over Music City and made her legions of new fans who had never seen her on the television show.

She remains a huge star, living in two worlds despite an old-fashioned view of life. This may be the key to her fan base.

The adolescent girls and college-age women who fell in love with her a decade ago on American Idol are now entering college, or starting careers, or getting married and raising families, Dickinson said. But Carrie is still a relatable figure to a lot of them. Its easy to imagine her laughing and eating pizza with her gal pals or playing softball at the church picnic.

In 2010, Underwood married Mike Fisher, then a hockey player for the Ottawa Senators, now with the Nashville Predators. When he initially expressed an interest in knowing her, she suggested a group setting, as in the meet-and-greet line after a show in Toronto. Theirs is a union of equals, and not just in their careers. The two do Bible studies together, for example. The singer calls him my best friend. I trust him more than Ive ever trusted any human being. He makes me a better person, and hopefully I do the same for him.

Underwood is also a young working mother. Last February, the couple welcomed their first child, Isiah Michael Fisher. In June, when their dogs accidentally locked themselves in the car with the infant, Underwood didnt wait for help  she broke a window to free them.

Im a very practical person, she said.

With that mindset, Underwood looks to the future.

I cant stay in the music business forever, and hopefully that rides not over. I would just be so grateful for what I had.

More from Lifezette.com:

QUIZ: Can You Pass 5th Grade Geography?

Halloween for All Kids: That teal pumpkin signals the sweetest treat alternatives

Kids Rooms Revamped: Give your children's space a makeover on the cheap

QUIZ: What Kind of Mother-in-Law Are You?- The list of event cancelations will be updated as new information is reported.

CANCELATIONS:

All Lakewood services canceled Sunday.

Houston Half Marathon & 10K in downtown Houston.The parents of slain hostage Kayla Mueller say they once asked their daughter to stop doing humanitarian work in Syria but she insisted the struggle of refugees was her struggle too.

Carl and Marsha Mueller say Kayla was the most fulfilled when she was helping to ease suffering in the world, the Arizona Daily Sun reported.

"It was hard not to let Kayla go to all these places she did because it gave her so much joy," Marsha Mueller said. "The more she helped, the more she got."

The Muellers made their remarks Friday night during an event honoring their daughter at her alma mater, Northern Arizona University.

Carl said he remembered asking his daughter to come home.

"I was angry. I said, 'This is not your war, these are not your people. You don't need to die for this. Come home," he said, then read aloud the words she wrote back.

"I do believe this is my struggle," Kayla wrote. "Really, in the end, the real reason that 100,000 lives have been lost in Syria is not because people don't care, or don't have sympathy or compassion. But rather it's because people are under the illusion that this is not their struggle, it is not their people and it's not their concern."

The Prescott couple says since her death, they have had moments of gratitude hearing from people all over the world who Mueller befriended.

"Kayla was like a voice in the deep forest screaming the truth and screaming reality but nobody was there to listen, nobody could hear," Carl said. "But now she's being heard, she's affecting people all over the world."

Mueller, whose death was confirmed in February by U.S. officials, was taken hostage by the Islamic State group in August 2013 after leaving a hospital in Aleppo, Syria.A woman accused of helping her stepbrother and alleged lover clean up after the sadistic murder of their parents has been released.

Karen Klein, 22, was set free after her lawyers in Argentina argued she had acted under pressure from her co-accused, Leandro Yamil Acosta, 25.

They said she had helped him clean up after he shot his stepfather in the head, then killed his mother with another three bullets when she returned a few hours later from taking his twin stepbrothers aged 11 to school.

He admitted the killings and also said he had eaten part of his dads body and had sex with the couples corpses. He then cut up the remains and burnt them before feeding what was left to the familys six dogs.

The young womans lawyer, Monica Chirivín, said that Leandro had told her he felt an orgasmic relief after shooting his father and stabbing his mother, and that he had no regrets.

The court accepted that there was not enough evidence to charge her with the murder of her father Ricardo Ignacio Klein, 54, and his partner Miryam Esther Kowalczuk, 52, who was the mother of Leandro.

Frightened Klein said she was asleep at the family home in the neighborhood of Pilar in Buenos Aires, Argentina, when the murders took place and only agreed to help clear up because she felt that if she did not, he might kill her too.

I did not kill. I have a clear conscience, Klein said.

My only mistake was not having denounced and I did not because [Acosta] was going to kill me and my brothers.

Some body parts were found outside on the terrace in paint pots and other parts are believed to have been taken to a local waste site.

Police also recovered $10,000 cash they believed belonged to the victims, as well as a 9mm revolver, a rifle, a machete, three hatchets, two shovels and a pitchfork.

The principal hypothesis of the prosecutor Marcelo Vaiani was that the crime was motivated by the hate Acosta felt for his parents and he did it so he could be left with the property and money.

Acosta claimed he was abused by his parents when he was younger and they were also abusing his 12-year-old step twins who he wanted to protect.

Click for more from News.com.au.We know that foods rich in color are usually rich in antioxidants. And no we're not talking M&Ms. The diva songstress reportedly turned to a diet rich in purple foods while trying to shed baby weight after the birth of twins Moroccan and Monroe in 2013. Antioxidants aren't necessarily associated with weight loss but they have been known to strengthen cell walls, collagen, and reduce cholesterol.FOX News Radios Crystal Berger spends A Few Moments With Pastor Dimas Salberrios

In this interview, they speak about his mission to save at-risk youth and what clergy can do to intervene in troubled lives and communities. In his latest book, Street God, Pastor Dimas shares his against-all-odds journey from the streets to the altar and back again and how were never too far gone for God to change us. As a worldwide missionary, church planter, and speaker, Pastor Dimas has shared the gospel on every continent except Antarctica. He is also president of Concerts of Prayer Greater New York, and he holds a master of divinity degree from Alliance Theological Seminary.

Listen HERE:

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.The Department of Justice informed Congress Friday it is ending its two-year-long investigation of the Internal Revenue Service.

There will be no charges against former IRS official Lois Lerner or anyone else at the agency, the Justice Department said in a letter.

The probe found substantial evidence of mismanagement, poor judgment and institutional inertia leading to the belief by many tax-exempt applicants that the IRS targeted them based on their political viewpoints. But poor management is not a crime.

We found no evidence that any IRS official acted based on political, discriminatory, corrupt, or other inappropriate motives that would support a criminal prosecution, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik said in the letter. We also found no evidence that any official involved in the handling of tax-exempt applications or IRS leadership attempted to obstruct justice. Based on the evidence developed in this investigation and the recommendation of experienced career prosecutors and supervising attorneys at the department, we are closing our investigation and will not seek any criminal charges.Fox News

Three people were killed killed Saturday and 22 injured after a vehicle being driven by a suspected drunk driver crashed into a crowd of spectators at the Oklahoma State University homecoming parade, The Stillwater News Press reported.

The Stillwater, Okla., mayor confirmed the number of dead and said there were several who were injured critically. A woman behind the wheel of the vehicle was taken into custody on suspicion of driving under the influence, police said.

The accident happened midmorning Saturday. Officials said more than two dozen people were airlifted to area hospitals, the paper reported. Eight helicopters responded to the scene.PHILADELPHIA (AP) AP Sources: Phillies will hire Matt Klentak to be general manager.Demi Lovato is truly an open book and now she is using the power of music to heal some wounds.

The Cool for the Summer singer recently revealed that she felt very conflicted when her estranged father Patrick Lovato died of cancer in 2013. She said he was abusive and mean, but still wanted to pen a song about him.

Lovatos new album Confident includes the song Father, which she wrote about her dad, who suffered from bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.

He knew he wasnt capable of raising a family, and its because of his mental illness, Lovato, 23, said in video series promoting her new album. To know that it really wasnt his fault, really was saddening to me.

The Skyscraper singer, who has spoken very candidly about her own struggles with addiction and bipolar disorder, had been estranged from her father since 2007 and never really reconnected before his death.

He wanted to be a good person, and he wanted to have his family, Lovato revealed. When my mom married my stepdad (Eddie De La Garza), he still had this huge heart where he would say, 'I'm so glad Eddie's taking care of you and doing the job that I wish I could do.'"

She told People magazine recently that her relationship with her dad was not strong because his mental health remained untreated. She said his death inspired her to help other people live a happy life because nobody deserves to suffer."

In 2014, the singer started the Lovato Treatment Scholarship in honor of her father, which helps cover the expenses for people struggling with mental health and addiction.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramFormer light heavyweight champion Jon Jones has been reinstated to the UFC, putting an end to his six-month suspension after he was arrested in April for his part in a hit-and-run accident in New Mexico.

UFC officials made the announcement Friday with a date still pending on Jones' first fight back in the Octagon.

"We've made it clear to Jon that this new opportunity to compete in UFC is a privilege and not a right, and that there are significant expectations we have regarding his conduct moving forward," UFC Chairman and CEO Lorenzo Fertitta said. "We're happy to read and see reports that he has embraced the terms of his plea agreement and is using this experience to grow and develop as a person."

Jones was placed on an indefinite suspension after being arrested in connection with the accident. He was then stripped of his light heavyweight title as part of the punishment handed down by the UFC.

Daniel Cormier would eventually win and defend the title in Jones' absence as the former champion dealt with legal issues surrounding his case.

Jones appeared before a judge in New Mexico on Sept. 29 and pleaded guilty to one charge before being sentenced to 18 months probation as well as community service.

The law firm of Campbell and Williams was then retained to investigate the plea agreement before Jones was officially cleared on Friday.

"I am thankful to be able to do what I love once again and I look forward to proving myself as a champion in and outside of the Octagon," Jones said in a statement.

Following his reinstatement by the UFC, Jones took to Facebook.

"I am grateful for the opportunity to resume my career and I am excited to show how much I've grown as a person outside of the Octagon. It took me losing almost everything I had worked for to realize how much I had," Jones said.

"I am blessed and humbled by the continued support of the MMA community and I can't thank my fans enough for their unwavering support through my ups and downs. This marks the beginning of a new chapter in my life and my career and let me assure you, the best is yet to come."

Jones has been promised a title shot when he comes back to the promotion, so in all likelihood he will face Cormier with the belt on the line as soon as the UFC can make the fight official with a date and location for the championship bout.Las Vegas magician Criss Angel says he's canceling shows for the first time in seven years to visit his young son who was recently diagnosed with leukemia.

The magician, whose real name is Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos, stars in "Criss Angel BeLIEve" by Cirque Du Soleil at the Luxor casino-hotel.

A statement released Friday said Angel was canceling his shows beginning that night through Nov. 1 to be with his nearly 2-year-old son, Johnny Crisstopher Sarantakos, in Australia. Tickets would be refunded or exchanged.

Click here to subscribe to FOX411s YouTube channel

The statement from the production said the boy was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia earlier this week. It says Angel had never missed a show in more than 3,000 performances.Changes in how the nation's leading mortgage-financing companies calculate credit scores could come by the end of the year, potentially qualifying millions of Hispanics for mortgages that are now out of reach for them.

Mortgage financing giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will decide by the end of the year whether to adopt new credit-scoring algorithms  basically new formulas  that would make it easier for people with non-traditional credit histories or those with a lack of credit to meet the requirements for a home equity loan.

One credit agency estimates that 2.4 million more Hispanics and African Americans could qualify for a mortgage if Fannie and Freddie update their models.

The decision will come at a time when Americas home ownership rate, which is at 63.4 percent, has hit a 48-year low. The Hispanic home ownership rate hit a 14-year-low last year, at 45.4 percent.

Hispanics are fueling American home ownership growth. New Hispanic households accounted for 40 percent of U.S. household growth in 2014  the largest share of any ethnic group in the U.S, according to the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals. Yet, the most significant barrier keeping Hispanics out of the housing market is the tight access to mortgage credit access.

The problem, experts say, is that Hispanics dont like to take out loans or owe money on credit cards and tend to pay bills in cash because they are afraid of ballooning debt.

Hispanics tend to have thin credit profiles, not necessarily bad, but very little credit, said Gary Acosta co-founder and CEO of NAHREP. Seventy-percent of Hispanic home-buyers are first-time home buyers that dont have a lot of wealth and dont have a long history working with banks.

The current FICO credit-scoring system, which has been around since 1956, is primarily used by banks and lenders to determine how risky or likely someone is to pay off their debt. The number is traditionally based on on-time payment history, how much debt a person has, length of credit history, type of credit, and  to a smaller degree  how often lenders take a look at a borrowers credit history.

The problem, many Hispanic real estate professionals and experts say, is that the current FICO credit score is outdated and is no longer an accurate representation of whether someone is credit-worthy or responsible enough to pay back a huge loan like a mortgage.

The current score relies on pre-2008 recession data and consumer spending habits, putting an emphasis on lengthy repayment histories of credit. These days, more and more Americans dont own a traditional credit card, have never owned a home and are using cash to pay bills and purchase items.

According to the latest government figures, 26 million Americans are considered credit invisible  those with no credit history at any of the three major credit bureaus. Additionally, the report found that about 15 percent of black and Hispanic consumers are considered invisible. Another 19 million Americans, including 12 percent of Hispanics, are considered unscorable because of limited credit histories.

Enter VantageScore. Since 2007, the three major credit-reporting bureaus have been using VantageScore as an alternative to the FICO credit score but it has virtually not been used at all by mortgage lenders. FICO remains the industry standard. VantageScore claims it casts a wider-net of bill-payment history and also can generate a credit score for those with thin credit profiles.

We score people after one month of credit usage. [With] FICO, you have to use credit for 6 months, Barrett Burns, CEO of VantageScore, told Fox News Latino. Often people think that a new scoring consumer is a higher risk than a longer-term borrowing customer. We tested that theory. That math showed us that the first year default rate of new scoring consumers is basically identical to the first year default rate of conventional longer-term borrowers.

The company believes its credit score model, which is being considered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, would allow 7.6 million new customers (including 2.4 million Hispanics and African Americans) to qualify for a mortgage.

First- and second-generation Latinos tend to be very conservative, they dont borrow a lot of money, they tend to be cash based, Burns said. They avoid credit. So they are getting penalized for being prudent. What I mean by that is that they are infrequent credit users. So our model, because it does score in the first month of usage, and looks back 24 months, picks up an enormous amount of infrequent credit users and therefore doesnt penalize people who are prudent in their credit usage.

Lynnette Cox, founder of themoneycoach.net, said companies like VantageScore would benefit Latinos and other minority groups who tend to not deal with banks for their money. VantageScore uses rent and utility payments in its algorithm, if they are reported by the landlord or utility provider.

One huge indicator is a persons rent payment, Cox said. If someones been making on-time rent payments for seven years, chances are the person will likely be able to make a mortgage payment.

Cox also believes remittances, the amount of U.S. dollars sent from Hispanic families to relatives in Latin America should be taken into account in credit scores because they are an indication of how much cash families have and what they are spending their money on. Remittances to Latin America and the Caribbean set a record high in 2015. About $65.3 billion was sent from Hispanic families in the U.S., according to the Multilateral Investment Fund.

The idea is that this money is showing you theres a huge amount of dollars at play here. Are they looking at that as cash availability? Cox said. You could assess a persons financial wherewithal by looking by how much they are sending to their countries.

Experts expect Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to adopt newer credit score algorithms in the next few months but would not be surprised if the decision was delayed. The costs of having to change banking software and train its staff on the new formulas has factored into the slow approach theyve taken thus far, Cox said.

It is vitally important, Cox said of updating credit score models. These are the largest players in the mortgage game, and its time.

Bryan Llenas currently serves as a New York-based correspondent for Fox News Channel (FNC) and a reporter for Fox News Latino (FNL). Click here for more information on Bryan Llenas. Follow him on Twitter @BryanLlenas.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramDustin Poirier hopes to get his fight with Joseph Duffy rescheduled, and make a run at the lightweight division's top-10. Donald Miralle/Zuffa LLC

No one is more disappointed when a fight gets canceled than the fighters who miss out on the chance to get paid, do what they love and make sure all their hard work during training camp wasn't in vain. For those reasons, and many more, Dustin Poirier was crushed when his scheduled opponent for Saturday's UFC card in Dublin, Joseph Duffy, pulled out because he had sustained a concussion in training.

Already riding a two-fight win streak, Poirier believed an impressive win over Duffy would help him get ranked in the lightweight division's top-10 before 2016. Now, that goal seems a lot harder to reach.

"Yeah, I had a goal of cracking the top 10 by the end of this year. I feel that goal is still attainable," he told Jonathan Shrager in the wee hours, shortly after he got word of Duffy's removal.

"Other things could happen. Fights could move around. Maybe I'll fight him before the year's up, I don't know. But, a win over Joe Duffy, I'm certain would have done that. Not that he's ranked higher, or anything, it's just that the expectations that people have on him, and me putting three wins in a row together, with the performance it would have been, I would have been in the top 10."

The UFC offered Norman Parke -- who is already on the card -- the fight with Poirier. The Northern Ireland warrior eagerly accepted the challenge of fighting the surging American, as he himself has currently lost two straight.

After a lot of thought, Poirier and his American Top Team coaches decided against fighting a new opponent with virtually no notice. Poirier could understand why Parke took the fight, but went on to explain why he did not.

"Of course he would. It's a bigger fight for him," he said of Parke.

"I can beat Norman Parke. It's a completely different style. Joe Duffy comes forward, brings the fight, looks to finish. Norman Parke looks to grab your legs and put you against the fence, and make it boring. I don't want to be part of those kinds of fights."

Poirier reminded the world that only the fighters themselves know what it's like to be in the tough spot he was placed in, to no fault of his own. "I've seen a lot of fans ... and other fighters have come out [and criticized me] but man, shut the hell up," he said.

"Do what you do. This is me. I'm the one that has to get in there."

Making seismic changes to a fight on short notice was not worth it for Poirier, and even if the UFC had offered him, say $100,000 extra to fight Parke, he's not sure what he would have done. "I don't know, man. [I] probably [would have taken it]," he pondered.

"I was in a weird spot last night, but that's a lot of money. It would have had to happen for me to really be sure."

In the end, Poirier is hopeful that he and Duffy will get rescheduled to fight one another. In fact, he said that UFC officials have told him that they may have a date in mind.

"This is the thing that me and my coaches did last night. We sat back, we were going back and forth, back and forth, 'maybe we'll do it, let's talk about it more.' 'Maybe we'll do it, let's talk about it more.' [Coach] Mike Brown said, 'if you feel uncertainty one bit, don't do it. You don't have to. There's no reason,'" he remembered.

"Like I said, I was just so focused on the Duffy fight that, I don't know, it just flipped me around, man ... but like I said, hopefully we get rescheduled for Jan. 2."New York Fashion Week Fall 2015

The Fall 2015 collections were held earlier this year at New York Fashion Week.. many for the last time at Lincoln Center.

Clint Henderson

FoxNews.com

http://www.foxnews.com/

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella2

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella3

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella4

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella5

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella6

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella7

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella8

Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Pamella Roland Fall 2015 Collection held at Lincoln Center in New York City, Monday, February 16, 2015.Photo by Jennifer Graylock-Graylock.com917-519-7666 pamella

Rachel Zoe Fall 2015 ZeTakahashi/photography zoe1

Rachel Zoe Fall 2015 ZeTakahashi/photography zoe2

Rachel Zoe Fall 2015 ZeTakahashi/photography zoe3

Rachel Zoe Fall 2015 ZeTakahashi/photography zoe4

Chris Gelinas fashion show chrisgelinas

Alice and Olivia Fall 2015 alice + olivia by Stacey Bendet Fall 2015 Collection-Mosphere BFA NYC aliceolivia

Alice and Olivia Fall 2015 alice + olivia by Stacey Bendet Fall 2015 Collection-Mosphere BFA NYC aliceolivia2

Alice and Olivia Fall 2015 alice + olivia by Stacey Bendet Fall 2015 Collection-Mosphere BFA NYC aliceolivia3

Vivienne Tam Fall 2015 FW15 NEW YORK FASHION WEEK Â©DAN AND CORINA LECCA viv1

Vivienne Tam Fall 2015 FW15 NEW YORK FASHION WEEK Â©DAN AND CORINA LECCA viv2

Vivienne Tam Fall 2015 FW15 NEW YORK FASHION WEEK Â©DAN AND CORINA LECCA viv3By Joe Bilello - Fox News

Many folks take certain precautions to take care of themselves and their loved ones in the event of an unforeseen tragedy. Aside from that, nearly every major decision we make in our lives is done so under the assumption that we will live relatively long, happy, healthy lives. We make this assumption for one reason and one reason only - pharmaceutical companies. Without pharmaceutical companies a doctor is just a smart person that gives you bad news. A nurse is someone who provides comfort while you hopefully heal naturally and a hospital is somewhere you can stay until you miraculously get better or die.

At the first Democrat debate, moderator Anderson Cooper asked the candidates to name their biggest enemies. Due to the fact that neither one of them died from smallpox when they were younger, both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were present and answered Cooper's question respectively, "the drug companies" and "the pharmaceutical industry". Who is the biggest enemy of an aspiring American president? Tyrannical dictators hell-bent on world domination? No. Terror organizations determined to establish a worldwide caliphate? No. People who eradicate diseases and make medicines and vaccines that have saved billions of lives? Yes.

The opportunity to further excoriate the pharmaceutical industry to the American people recently presented itself when a new drug company, Turing Pharmaceuticals, purchased the rights to the infectious disease drug Daraprim (a drug which was not developed by Venezuelan scientists) and promptly increased the price from $13.50 per tablet to $750 per tablet. The price increase outraged many and prompted Bernie Sanders to write a condemning letter to the company.

While Turing defends the price hike, it does appear that in this particular instance, the company may be taking advantage of the system. But this isn't about Turing or Daraprim. This is about the left wing's disdain for the pharmaceutical industry in general. Bernie Sanders doesn't understand the health industry any more than most people. But he is sure of one thing - health care should be "free." Health care for people  not for profit says the bumper sticker on the back of the Prius driven by someone who we can safely assume is not a medical doctor or biochemist who provides their services free of charge to those in need.

On last week's "Real Time" with Bill Maher, as Sanders and Maher attempted to enlighten the American people about the glorious benevolence of socialism, the topic of health care was raised. According to Sanders, "The function of healthcare should be to provide quality care for all people, not to make huge profits for the drug companies and insurance companies."

Bernie Sanders, Bill Maher and any advocate of socialist policy live in this "wouldn't it be nice if" world. Wouldnt it be nice if no one was poor? Wouldnt it be nice if there was world peace? Wouldn't it be nice if a company invested 15 years and $1 billion to develop a potentially life-saving drug and then gave it away? Perhaps Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton would allow them to recoup their investment and maybe even make a small profit that they deemed "fair."

We all know the free market is not perfect. There are greedy bankers, greedy business owners, greedy corporations and greedy pharmaceutical companies. But sometimes the product of greed is the enrichment of lives. Steve Jobs didn't just think it would be nice if everyone had a cool phone. Henry Ford wasn't just concerned with eliminating the amount of horse manure on the streets. John D. Rockefeller was not simply concerned with people heating and lighting their homes. You don't become the richest man in the world if you don't have profit on your mind to some extent. The endeavors of all the aforementioned men have greatly enriched our lives but in the case of pharmaceuticals, the drug companies "greed" not only enriches our lives but literally makes our lives possible.

It's safe to say that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are not youngsters. Both appear to be in relatively good health, and we hope that their good fortune continues. But it is also safe to say that one's health inevitably deteriorates with time. We can be certain that Hillary Clinton will not be performing any advanced medical procedures on herself. Bernie Sanders will not be developing any new, innovative medicines in his basement laboratory and neither of them will be going to Cuba for any medical treatment. Even if they won't admit it, someday their biggest enemy will become their best friend.

I'm not saying that there are no legitimate grievances to be had with the drug companies or that politicians should never use their power and influence to call out potentially unethical practices in the pharmaceutical industry or any industry for that matter. But the condemnation of an entire industry that is solely responsible for our entire existence is just flat out wrong.

If only Hillary, Bernie and the progressive left could muster up half the level of disdain for crack dealers that they have for Celebrex salesmen we might be on the right track. Perhaps next time, instead of a scolding letter, Mr. Sanders can simply send a thank you card.Please enable Javascript to watch this video

DENVER -- Thousands of travelers are now making their way home after Hurricane Patricia made landfall causing Puerto Vallarta's airport to shut down.

While the storm mostly missed the resort town, tourists still spent Friday hunkering town in hotel rooms.

One month after vowing to weather the storms of marriage together Brant and Bethany Burgess had no idea how literal that would become.

On the tail end of their honeymoon in Puerto Vallarta hotel staff told the couple to prepare for the worst.

They told us there was a tropical storm coming, Bethany said.

They told us to pack pillows and blankets and just our passports and our backpack and we would be going to a university, east, to get away from the coast and to stay in our rooms until they called us, she said.

What started as a tropical storm quickly turned into category 5 hurricane Patricia.

In town, local authorities evacuated the streets as thousands of others fled homes and beachfront resorts.

They said was, this was going to be worse than Katrina, said Bethany.

Back in their hotel room the newlyweds learned there were no longer any ways out of the town.

They told everybody, the place we were supposed to go is going to be used for locals so we are just going to stay in the hotel, Bethany said.

With a mattress in front of the window, the couple roomed with new friends from down the hall.

This is what we have to do and we've got each other and we had our friends and just stick it out, Bethany explained of their thinking.

Now that the storm's behind them, the newlyweds look for only sunshine ahead.

It could have been a lot worse so we are really lucky honestly, said Bethany.

Probably made it a little more memorable. I mean there`s, you know, we`ll always have a story to tell, said Brant.

Luckily hurricane Patricia slammed into a stretch of sparsely populated coastline.

Puerto Vallarta saw some strong winds and rain but nothing like what was expected had it made landfall in the tourist destination.

So far there are no reported causalities.Mediated talks between the Yemeni government and Al Qaeda to persuade the militants to give up their weapons or move out of the southern port city of Aden have failed, Yemeni security officials in government-controlled Aden and tribal mediators said Saturday.

Tribal and public figures accepted by both sides, who have been involved in mediation talks, told The Associated Press the discussions began about three months ago, after government forces pushed Houthi Shiite rebels out of Aden. The mediators told AP they have also been trying to convince Al Qaeda to withdraw from areas they control in al-Houta, the capital of Lahj province.

After the Houthis were expelled from Aden in July, Al Qaeda appears to have taken advantage of the security vacuum as pro-government forces moved outside Aden to challenge the Houthis, as clashes raged between the two sides in other parts of the country.

Yemen has been embroiled in fighting between Houthis and allied army units against forces loyal to the internationally recognized government as well as southern separatists and other militants.

The conflict gained international attention when the Houthis took over the capital, Sanaa, in September last year, and escalated in March as a Saudi-led coalition started launching airstrikes against Houthi positions.

Al Qaeda militants had been fighting alongside pro-government forces without revealing their affiliation, focusing on capturing and storing weapons during the clashes with the Houthis, a security official in Aden said. Security officials said Al Qaeda and other extremist Islamic groups in Aden obtained more than 55 armored vehicles, 22 tanks, anti-aircraft missiles and large amounts of other weapons during the fighting and hid them underground and in fields.

Aden's governor, Gaafar Mohamed Saad, issued a ban Friday against carrying weapons in the streets. The decree, which went into effect Saturday, stipulates security forces would immediately confiscate illegal weapons.

Officials and witnesses in Aden said Al Qaeda has held large armed parades in the city in the past two days. Washington considers al-Qaeda's Yemen branch to be the most dangerous offshoot of the terror network.

Ahmed Hashem, an Aden resident, said locals supported the weapons ban. With so many weapons in the streets, "we now cannot even tell who is Al Qaeda, who is Islamic State, who is just a thug and who is from the resistance (against the Houthis)," he said.

The decision to confiscate illegal weapons came after talks failed, according to security officials in Aden.

The mediators told AP they tried to convince the militants to lay down their weapons and integrate into society, promising they wouldn't be harassed if they do. When that failed, they tried to convince them to take their weapons and leave Aden, but the militants refused again, saying they have the right to partake in running the city after they participated in the fighting, according to the mediators.

The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they're not authorized to speak to journalists.Rick Pitino vows not to quit.

No surprise there. Slick Rick is set to make more than $50 million over the next decade and has already displayed the remarkable ability to slip through unscathed from the grips of scandal. At this point, he must think his DNA includes a hefty dose of Teflon.

OK, time for a reality check.

There's no way Pitino should be on the sideline when the Cardinals open the season Nov. 1 against Bellarmine.

A paid suspension or leave is the bare minimum the Hall of Fame coach deserves after an escort said Louisville was essentially running the Bunny Ranch East right in the middle of campus, hiring dancers to strip and dole out sexual favors to recruits and players.

Pitino, in that ol' tried-and-true defense of every coach overseeing a program gone wild, reacted with disgust, pleaded ignorance and urged everyone to stand aside so investigators could get to the truth of the matter.

''First, above all, I'm sorry we all have to endure the pain of these allegations. I so appreciate your support and friendships,'' he wrote in a post to his personal website on Thursday.

Then, Pitino laid down a gauntlet to anyone who might suggest it's time for him to go.

''I will not resign and let you down,'' he pledged to the Louisville faithful. ''Someday I will walk away in celebration of many memorable years but that time is not now. I do not fight these accusations by others but rather turn the other cheek. Couldn't do it at 33, but at 63 it's the wise thing to do. Let's let the investigators do their job and we will play basketball.''

Pitino then went on to give a scouting report on each of his players.

What he conveniently failed to mention was his duty to oversee every aspect of the program, not just what's happening on the court.

If even a smidgen of these allegations are true - and at least one ex-Louisville recruit, JaQuan Lyle, has reportedly confirmed the gist of them to the NCAA - then Pitino should take the fall. He either knew what former assistant Andre McGee was up to and decided to let it slide, or was so oblivious to the day-to-day workings of the program that he truly didn't know about the sexual shenanigans (which might be even worse).

Let's not forget: Pitino has already brought shame to the Cardinals with his actions off the court.

After an extortion attempt by the wife of the school's equipment manager, Pitino acknowledged under oath to having an extramarital encounter with her in a Louisville restaurant. The embarrassing trial of Karen Cunagin Sypher included allegations - denied by the coach - that he paid $3,000 for an abortion and arranged the marriage as a payoff for her silence. Sypher was convicted and is serving a seven-year sentence at a federal prison in Alabama.

Through it all, Pitino remained a largely revered figure who kept getting big pay raises, was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame, and guided Louisville to a national title - the first coach in NCAA history to lead two schools to the promised land.

Now, with Louisville facing four different investigations and the possibility of severe sanctions, there are subtle signs that Pitino's charmed run could be winding down.

The school's president, James Ramsey, issued a 170-word statement Thursday updating the progress of the investigation and expressing his support for athletic director Tom Jurich, but it was hard to miss the lack of any reference to Pitino.

Boxing great Muhammad Ali, who occasionally attends Louisville football games and has a son who played baseball for the Cardinals, tweeted his support for the school but didn't mention Pitino or the allegations.

Then on Friday, Pitino announced he was skipping the Atlantic Coast Conference media day because he didn't want to be a distraction.

Up to now, Louisville has shown little regard for the character of those hired to lead its impressionable young athletes.

Pitino still has a job because he's one of the best coaches in college basketball history. Bobby Petrino was hired - actually, re-hired - because his brilliant football mind takes precedence over an extensive list of despicable acts away from the field, capped off by that Evel Knievel impression with his mistress along for the ride.

As long as Pitino and Petrino are the two most prominent coaches on campus, it wouldn't be out of line to call it UofS instead of UofL.

University of Sleaze.

In an interesting bit of timing, McGee announced Friday he was resigning as an assistant coach at Missouri-Kansas City, saying he could no longer do the job as he deals with ''false'' allegations. He had already been placed on administrative leave.

Now, his former boss deserves the same treatment.

Pitino should be suspended or placed on administrative leave, whatever they want to call it.

If the program is cleared, he can come back. If not, he's done. If he wants to quit before it all plays out, so be it.

Maybe this time, Slick Rick will finally face something that sticks.

---

Paul Newberry is a national writer for The Associated Press. Write to him at pnewberry(at)ap.org or on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963Ray Smith was part of a talented freshman class for Sean Miller Richard Mackson Richard Mackson-USA TODAY Sports

Several outlets have reported that Arizona freshman forward Ray Smith will miss the 2015-16 season due to a torn ACL in his right knee.

Jason Scheer of WildcatAuthority.com was the first to report the news on Friday. Both Allonzo Trier and Justin Simon, two other Arizona freshmen, tweeted support to Smith later on Friday night.

Smith, the 6-foot-7 forward from Las Vegas, torn the ACL in his left knee in July 2014.

Smith was one of several new additions to the Arizona frontline, one that retained Kaleb Tarczewski, but lost Rondae Hollis-Jefferson and Brandon Ashley. Ryan Anderson and Mark Tollefsen, two graduate transfers, join the Wildcats this season.

Arizona begins the season on Nov. 13 against Pacific.What exactly is it about abandoned places that attracts our attention in such a mystifying way?

Is it their storied pasts? Their eerie aesthetics? The way they allow us to effortlessly engage our imaginations as we wonder about what they might have been like in their prime?

Certainly, there's an aesthetic component to decaying buildings, an opportunity to enjoy these buildings outside of their original context and stumble upon unusual images that don't present themselves in intact structures, wrote i09 blogger Lauren Davis.

But, as Davis goes on to point out, this isnt the only reason so many people are fascinated by parks, hospitals, castles and entire towns that have been utterly abandoned and long untouched.

Slideshow: Hauntingly Beautiful Abandoned Places Around the World

Some who seek to explore, photograph or even just observe abandoned places are interested in learning about and preserving history, while others are simply interested in the out-of-the-ordinary things youd likely never find elsewhere.

[T]he real amusement comes from the ridiculous things I constantly stumble upon, 2e, a photographer who posts his photos of decaying New York on gotham ruins, told Davis. A manmade space over time with very little manmade disruption brings about things you'd never expect; trees growing out of piles of documents, books being repurposed as beehives, newspapers from the 30's, that kind of stuff. Then you step out of this building and you're back in the real worlda bustling block in Williamsburg or steps from City Hall, iPhones and all. Much of the appeal is the time machine I guess.

Whether youre intrigued by the unusual or love a deserted building that has its own great ghost story, were sure youll feel enchanted and maybe even spooked by these hauntingly beautiful abandoned places from around the world.Photo courtesy of Cranston Police Department

CRANSTON, R.I. (WPRI)  A Cranston man is facing DUI charges after police said he was caught driving drunk with his 10-year-old son in the car.

According to Col. Michael Winquist of the Cranston Police Department, officers were called to a parking lot on Reservoir Avenue around 1 p.m. Saturday for a report of a male driver who allegedly hit a parked car. Witnesses said he drove over the curb and then left the scene with a young boy in the car.

Police located Christopher Otero, 38, a short distance away in another parking lot on Reservoir Ave.

According to police, Oteros 10-year-old son was seated in the front passenger seat when officers arrived.

Officers determined that Otero was showing signs of intoxication  and he was placed under arrest and taken to Cranston police headquarters.

Police said Otero consented to a breathalyzer test at headquarters, which revealed his blood alcohol content was .291.

Otero will be held overnight, police said, and is scheduled to be arraigned Sunday. He is facing a charge of operating a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

He will also be presented as a probation violator. Police said he has a previous conviction for extortion and blackmail.Meet the SI Ballistic Det Cord  Oakleys new shades for aggressive environments.

Eyewear specialist Oakley revealed the shades to international militaries from around the world at last months DSEI (Defence and Security Equipment International exhibition) event in London.

If you need to protect your eyes from bright light AND things flying around in combat  while looking cool doing it - then these could be the shades for you.

A great choice for low profile missions and covert protection, this new eyewear is designed with the military and law enforcement in mind. Ballistic Det Cord is engineered for folks who need to be ready for any situation and need excellent clarity to support precise shooting.

Related: Falcon Shield launches electronic attacks to take control of drones

The ballistic shades are made by Oakley Standard Issue, a division of the company that focuses on the military and law enforcement.

Fit for the nations top warriors, the Det Cord is listed on the Special Operations Eyewear Program.

These shades are fully loaded. They meet the impact fragmentation military standard of MIL-PRF-32432  thats a hefty amount of impact resistance.

The lenses are built with Oakleys Prizm technology. They block 100 percent of UVA and UVB. And they also protect against harmful blue light up to 400nm wavelength.

Related: Shopping for a commando boat?

Prizm also provides enhanced contrast and helps to reduce eye fatigue. Operators rave about Prizm enabling faster target acquisition.

The shades have got anti-fog inner coating and theres a rubberized unobtanium nosepiece to ensure a secure fit so that they dont slide around on your nose while moving around. The ear stems are also compatible with communications tech.

The SI Ballistic Det Cord comes in a matte black frame with a scratch-resistant outer coating and gray lens. The shades are priced at $175.

Ballet dancer turned defense specialist Allison Barrie has traveled around the world covering the military, terrorism, weapons advancements and life on the front line. You can reach her at wargames@foxnews.com or follow her on Twitter @Allison_Barrie.Only a day after menacing Mexico as one of history's strongest storms, Hurricane Patricia left surprisingly little damage in its wake Saturday and quickly dissipated into an ordinary low-pressure system that posed little threat beyond heavy rain.

The hurricane's most powerful punch landed on a sparsely populated stretch of Mexico's Pacific Coast before the system crashed into mountains that sapped its potentially catastrophic force. The popular beach city of Puerto Vallarta and the port of Manzanillo were spared the brunt of the violent weather.

Authorities were still trying to reach some of the hardest-hit areas, which were blocked by downed trees, but the devastation appeared to be far less than feared.

There were no reports of deaths or injuries, said Roberto Lopez Lara, interior secretary for the state of Jalisco. It was a remarkable outcome, considering that Patricia had been a Category 5 hurricane with winds up to 200 mph before coming ashore with slightly less power in an area dotted with sleepy villages and a few upscale hotels.

Hours later, as the storm spun inland, it collapsed into fast-moving bands of rain aimed at already sodden Texas.

Residents of towns nearest the strike described enduring a terrifying night.

"Those were the longest five hours of my life," said Sergio Reyna Ruiz, who took cover between the shaking concrete walls of a neighbor's home when Patricia passed over the hamlet of La Fortuna, about 2 miles from the ocean. "Five hours riding the monster."

Before the storm hit, Reyna tried to secure the shingles of his roof with metal cables. But looking up from the inside Saturday, the ceiling was a patchwork of old tile and blue sky. He and family members next door tried to clean up, sawing through a downed tree and putting waterlogged mattresses and books into the sun to dry.

All were thankful that everyone survived: "It's something to tell the grandchildren," Reyna said.

Down the road in Chamela, people picked through boards, tree limbs and other refuse for anything salvageable. All 40 families that live there rode out the storm at a shelter in nearby San Mateo. When they returned, they found little that was recognizable.

Arturo Morfin Garcia wielded a machete trying to clear debris from around his home, which was reduced to a jumble of bricks and beams. The only part left standing was a concrete bathroom at one end.

"It wasn't hard to leave. It was hard to come back and find this," Morfin Garcia said. "So much work to build something. It makes me very sad, but what can we do with these natural phenomena?"

In Manzanillo, high winds and waves blew out windows and damaged some buildings. Trees and utility poles were toppled. An enraged sea battered the Hotel Barra de Navidad in a nearby town, scooping sand away from the foundations.

Puerto Vallarta, home to some 200,000 people, including thousands of U.S. residents and visitors, was largely unscathed. After the storm passed, people snapped selfies next to a seaside sculpture, and business owners swept sidewalks as they would on any morning. Puddles dotted the downtown district, but no more than a passing thunderstorm might leave.

Patricia plunged ashore about 65 miles southeast of Vallarta, which was protected from much of the fury by mountains.

"We were fortunate as to where it made landfall. It was not a densely populated area," said Dennis Feltgen, a meteorologist and spokesman for the U.S. National Hurricane Center. "You and I would be having a very different conversation if this went over the top of Puerto Vallarta."

He said the lack of fatalities was probably the result of the storm's narrow footprint. Category 5 winds extended 15 miles out on either side of the eye, and hurricane-force winds extended for 35 miles from the center of the storm.

On Saturday, Patricia's maximum sustained winds had dropped to 30 mph, according to the hurricane center. The storm's remnants were expected to feed into existing rain hitting southern Texas.

"There's an area of low pressure that'll be forming along the Texas coast, and that will be about the time that moisture from Patricia will be arriving," Feltgen said. The wet weather was forecast to spread from Texas to the central Gulf coast by early next week.

By late afternoon, the hurricane's remains were about 45 miles southwest of the Mexican city of Monterrey, moving to the northeast at 22 mph.

That such a monster storm could inflict so little harm seemed wondrous. Patricia formed suddenly Tuesday and quickly strengthened to a hurricane. Within 30 hours it had zoomed to a record-beating Category 5 storm, catching many off guard with its rapid growth.

By Friday, it was the most powerful hurricane on record in the Western Hemisphere, with a central pressure of 880 millibars, according to the hurricane center.

Patricia's power while still out at sea was comparable to that of Typhoon Haiyan, which left more than 7,300 dead or missing in the Philippines two years ago, according to the U.N.'s World Meteorological Organization.

Hurricane experts praised Mexico's expertise at storm preparations and credited good fortune.

The mountains in the area quickly weakened the storm, and the coastal landscape did not offer the large area of shallow water necessary for a storm surge that could have become a devastating wall of water.

The storm was also moving fast enough at landfall  about 20 mph  that its heavy rains "did not stay in place long enough to generate the kinds of devastating floods we've seen in the past from Mexican hurricanes," said Jeff Masters, director of meteorology at Weather Underground.

Mexico's transport secretary, Gerardo Ruiz Esparza, put it another way: "Nature was good to us."By Bradford Richardson, The Hill

Democratic primary front-runner Hillary Clinton says the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) scandal is not as widespread a problem as coverage of the incident would indicate.

She said the problem is real, but cautioned that its not been as widespread as it has been made out to be on MSNBCs Rachel Maddow Show on Friday.El argentino Emanuel Villa convirtió hoy su duodécimo gol de la temporada, para confirmarse como líder de los anotadores y dar al Querétaro una victoria de 0-1 sobre el América en la decimocuarta jornada del torneo Apertura 2015.

En un partido agradable en el que ambos cuadros tuvieron oportunidades ofensivas y los porteros realizaron buenas jugadas de salvación, el Querétaro sacó la mejor parte y se impuso gracias al buen tino de Villa en el minuto 60.

Después de una primera mitad con llegadas por ambos bandos, en la segunda los dos equipos mostraron buen fútbol hasta que en el 60 Villa recibió un servicio del colombiano Yerson Candelo y remató de zurda cruzado para el 0-1 definitivo.

"El título de goleadores de nada va a servir si no nos clasificamos, por eso no es algo que me vuelve loco, si se da como consecuencia de trabajo, qué bueno, pero no es la prioridad", dijo Villa en una conferencia de prensa.

Con el resultado los Gallos se metieron en zona de clasificación al subir al noveno lugar con cinco victorias, tres empates, seis derrotas y 18 puntos, mientras América siguió tercero con ocho juegos ganados, seis perdidos y 24 unidades.

Poco después el colombiano Dorlán Pabón convirtió par de goles y el argentino Rogelio Funes Mori anotó uno para guiar a los Rayados de Monterrey a un triunfo de 3-1 sobre los Xolos de Tijuana que descontaron por intermedio del argentino Gabriel Hauche.

Los Rayados saltaron al séptimo lugar con cinco triunfos, cinco empates, cuatro derrotas y 20 puntos, mientras los Xolos siguieron en el penúltimo con 13 puntos.

En los otros partidos de hoy, Pachuca le ganó 2-0 a Morelia con par de dianas del argentino Franco Jara y Dorados empató sin goles con Tigres.

Ayer en el inicio de la jornada, el argentino Julio Furch convirtió dos goles para encabezar el ataque de los Tiburones de Veracruz en su triunfo 3-2 sobre el Toluca, mientras Cruz Azul derrotó 1-2 al campeón Santos Laguna en un gol del brasileño Lucas Silva que rompió un empate 1-1 en el minuto 64.

Mañana el líder Pumas jugará en su estadio ante los Jaguares de Chiapas y Puebla en el suyo frente al León.EFE

gb/amI did not watch the Benghazi hearings, unlike many others, in hopes of catching Secretary Clinton out, with my ears perked up for some admission that could sink her presidential ambitions.

Secretary Clinton did not disappoint in her performance on Thursday.

She admitted to no wrongdoing, nor to breaking any laws.

Mistakes were made by others, the fault lies elsewhere.

Secretary Clinton was far more adept at bobbing and weaving than the members of Congress who questioned her were at pinning her down.

She put up with hours and hours of questions, and no one laid a glove on her.



Secretary Clinton was far more adept at bobbing and weaving than the members of Congress who questioned her were at pinning her down.

She brushed off blame by saying security decisions were handled at lower levels of the State Department professional staff, not by the secretary.

She didn't receive Ambassador Stevens' requests for more security -- implying that if only she had things might have turned out differently.

It was a masterful performance. She showed enormous discipline and nearly super-human stamina.



She let nothing slip. But in the end she let everything slip. She got a perfect score, but failed the test.

She didn't mean to, but she showed us a glimpse into her soul.

It was chilling.



We now know that when Secretary Clinton met the plane carrying the bodies of the four Americans who died at Benghazi she lied about what happened.

She stood over the flag-draped coffins of four dead Americans and blamed their deaths on an Internet video, which caused a demonstration outside the consulate to turn into a deadly attack.

She looked into the eyes of the families of the fallen heroes and swore she would bring the videomaker to justice. But she was lying .

She knew they died from a planned terrorist attack from an Al Qaeda-like group. That's what she told her family and foreign leaders according to newly released emails.

Why? Because the Obama administration had an election to win eight weeks later, and a terrorist attack that killed four Americans didn't fit into that plan.



President Obama asked voters to reelect him because he had killed Usama bin Laden. Al Qaeda was on the ropes. Qaddafi was dead and the Libyan war a success. The wave of war was a receding. President George W. Bush's War on Terror was over because Obama and Clinton had won it.



A terrorist attack that killed Americans at Benghazi did not fit into that campaign narrative, so it had to be retold and spun into a different story. It wasn't radical Islamist terrorists, but a spontaneous demonstration that got out of control in reaction to an obscure Internet video.



In the end, the Benghazi hearings probably didn't change many minds.

Secretary Clinton's supporters will say it was a waste of time, a politically motivated witchhunt.

Secretary Clinton's detractors will say she never answered the questions.

But for me it wasn't the questions or the answers that mattered.

It wasn't about negligence or criminality or incompetence.

Instead it was -- and still is -- about character. And Secretary Clinton has been found wanting.



Kathleen Troia "K.T." McFarland is a Fox News National Security Analyst and host of FoxNews.com's "DefCon 3." She served in national security posts in the Nixon, Ford and Reagan administrationsHave you done an online background check of yourself lately? There are several reasons you should.

There might be erroneous information about you floating around the Internet or in your credit report. Maybe you'll find a picture of yourself or a comment you made years ago somewhere that's a little embarrassing.

These things will pop up and hurt your chances the next time you apply for a loan or a job. Fortunately, you can take steps to correct or remove this damaging information.

It's also a very good idea to do a background check before taking on a roommate or going out on a date with that new crush you met online. You never know what sort of worrying or dangerous details could be lurking in someone's past.

Because checking people's background is such a pressing need, there are dozens of ways to go about this. Fortunately, several ways won't cost you a thing.

Before I continue, I should point out a tricky fact about background checks. If you are performing a background check as a landlord or employer - or for credit, medical or insurance reasons -- you can't use just any service.

Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, you have to use a Consumer Reporting Agency. A CRA has to maintain certain standards for data protection and offer dispute resolution.

If you do reject a potential tenant or employee (even semi-informal employees like domestic workers) based on a background check from a company that isn't a CRA, you could wind up in trouble.

You can find a fairly complete list of CRAs here on my website. The list is helpfully divided into categories such as credit reporting, employment history, insurance, renting and so on. Note that you can request and dispute the information that these CRAs have on file for you.

For checking on potential roommates or romantic partners, you can use just about any service or (legal) method.

The simplest option for a background check is to hire a professional service. You can find dozens of background check agencies online.

You will need to watch out for scam companies. Look around at several companies to find the average price for a background check and avoid any companies that are too low or too high.

If you want to save some money and you have some time, you can do many of the same checks yourself. You might also dig up information on a person's habits or character that a professional might not consider. Click here for four sites that can really help you learn about someone. They comb Google, Facebook and other information websites to find out details that the person has willingly shared.

A Google search could turn up other things about the person that might make you think twice, too. However, you probably won't see important details about whether they've been arrested or evicted in the past.

Luckily, most court information is public record. To find it, go to your state's official government website or find the information you need at the National Center for State Courts. Make sure you search every state that the person you're checking has lived in.

After that, you might want to drill down to discover any felony and misdemeanor convictions on the county and city level. Keep an eye out for civil judgments, too, such as a bankruptcies and court orders to pay debts.

In most cases, a credit report can't be pulled without a legitimate business purpose and written permission. A good strategy for screening a roommate would be to ask him or her to volunteer a report.

All consumers are entitled to get a free copy of their credit report once a year from the three reporting agencies - Equifax, Experian and Trans Union.

The more information you have about a person, the better your searches will be. Knowing a middle name and date of birth will help you weed out people with similar names.

If you aren't completely sure you've found the right person, don't act on the information until you've verified it is actually them. Being penalized for something that isn't your fault isn't fun.

Copyright 2013, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved.

Kim Komando hosts the nation's largest talk radio show about consumer electronics, computers and the Internet. To get the podcast, watch the show or find the station nearest you, visit: http://www.komando.com/listen. To subscribe to Kim's free email newsletters, sign-up at: http://www.komando.com/newsletters.CORVALLIS, Ore. (AP) Oregon State defensive back Treston Decoud was taken from the field in an ambulance Saturday night during the Beavers' game against Colorado.

Decoud was injured early in the second quarter after an inadvertent hit by a teammate. He was immobile on the turf for several minutes before he was placed on a stretcher and loaded into the ambulance on the field.

The extent of his injury was not immediately known.

Decoud, a junior transfer from Northwest Mississippi Community College, started in six of the Beavers' games this season. He has 28 tackles and four pass breakups.B&H, the largest non-chain photo and video equipment store in the United States, is once again feeling the pressure of its Hispanic workforce, which is now threatening to unionize.

Around 240 Latinos work in two B&H warehouses in Bushwick and in the Brooklyn Navy Yard.

The decades-old store, owned and operated by Hasidic Orthodox Jews in Midtown Manhattan, has had a rocky relationship with employees since 2007, when it was first hit by a discrimination lawsuit brought on by Hispanic workers who claimed they were paid less than the rest and were denied promotions because of their ethnicity.

That case was eventually settled with $4.3 million, and was then followed by two other similar lawsuits on 2009 and 2011  one of them filed by four women claiming the store refused to hire them.

But the abuse allegations have continued and earlier this month a majority of the warehouse workers agreed to be represented by the United Steelworkers union.

Last week, during a demonstration held in front of one of the B&H stores by some 300 workers, a lawyer representing many of them delivered a letter addressed to B&Hs CEO and president, Sam Goldstein, asking the Steelworkers Union be acknowledged as the sole and exclusive bargaining representative of the employees, according to the New York Times.

The lawyer, Kristina A. Mazzocchi, told the Times that more than 80 percent of the warehouse employees have formally agreed to be represented by the Steelworkers.

Fox News Latino reached out to B&H for a comment on the matter and is waiting to hear back.

During the demonstration, the protesters said they are forced to work 17 hour-long shifts, with no lunch breaks, and are poorly compensated.

One of them, Raul de la Cruz, said he is harassed and mistreated at the workplace simply because he is Hispanic.

I am constantly verbally insulted, he told Fox News Latino. What we want is to be able to unionize, so that our concerns can be heard.

This was the first protest organized by B&H Hispanic workers in its 42-year history. Their petition to unionize has not yet been granted, but they say they plan to continue to organize themselves and protest until their demands are met.

Mazzocchi said in her letter that if the company doesnt act on the workers complaints, she and other lawyers will file 180 separate claims with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

Rosana Rodriguez, a member of the Laundry Workers Center, joined the protest becausethe workers do not have the proper health care and are not taught how to operate the machines.

She also said many of them have suffered serious injuries and have not received the proper treatment.

The workers work incredibly long hours, and are not even given a lunch break and are even rushed when they use the restroom, she added.

Monica Serrano is a College Associate at Fox News Latino.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramA wild bear has wandered through a shopping mall in Russia's Far East before being shot and killed by police. No injuries were reported.

Local TV channel MestoproTV released a video Wednesday that showed the bear smashing a window and roaming around the mall. It then ran to a nearby playground in the city of Khabarovsk close to the Chinese border.

On exit, the bear pushed open the store's doors and barreled down the street. The video showed camouflaged law enforcement officer pursue the animal and shoot it dead on the playground.

The Investigative Committee, Russia's main state investigative agency, has launched a probe into the legitimacy of police action.

The television report said the bear was between 2 and 3 years old, making it a teenager in bear years.- The non-profit "NORML" is calling on political candidates to take a stand in support of decriminalizing marijuana.

The group rallied on the corner of Trade and Tryon on Saturday asking candidates in the upcoming election to lead the state in supporting reform.

The lobbying organization is also gathering signatures to take to City Council, requesting local law enforcement agencies make marijuana arrests a low priority.

"More people are arrested for Marijuana than any other crime, That takes a lot of time away from our police. If they have to arrest someone take them to jail process them, let alone send them to prison, it's very expensive and a waste of time. Its not dangerous, people who smoke marijuana aren't violent." NC NORML President, Alex Bumgardner, said.

When a wasp injects its eggs into a caterpillar, the results are grisly to say the least. The viral DNA of the wasp alters the caterpillars immune response, allowing the host to stay alive as the eggs grow into larvae and begin to eat its body. After about 10 days of feeding, the larvae emerge, killing the caterpillar.

Whats interesting is this gruesome process has permanently genetically modified several moth and butterfly species, including the monarch. The same virus that allows the wasps to render the caterpillar powerless as its eggs grow into larvae  the bracovirus  is now part of the butterflys genes, and has made them less susceptible to pathogens known as baculoviruses.

This Horizontal Gene Transfer is detailed in a study that appears in the journal PLOS GENETICS. Study coauthor JeanMichel Drezen said he was surprised to find the bracovirus DNA present in the different lepidopteran (moth and butterfly) genomes.

Related: Ants are safer, more effective than pesticides, study says

I did it by looking from curiosity at lepidopteran genomes sequences released on public data banks  in particular when the monarch genome was out in 2011  and we began to study whether it was real by getting fresh DNA from animals sampled in the field and old DNA from a monarch collection, Drezen told Foxnews.com. [Study co-author] Salva Herrero had identified [them] by sequencing a cDNA library of Spodoptera exigua [asparagus fern caterpillar] clones resembling bracovirus genes.

Though the wasp larvae almost always kill the caterpillar, Drezen has a few theories as to how some of them survive.

Related: 'Mom of the year?' Mother spider feeds self to babies

Sometimes the caterpillar kills the wasp during oviposition [egglaying] and might receive only virus particles and not the wasp eggs, so it could escape death and transmit DNA fortuitously integrated into its germ line, Drezen explained. Another possibility is that wasps sometimes sting nonhost species resulting in failure to develop in the caterpillar, but it could provide the opportunity for integration of virus DNA and transmission to the progeny.

Related Image Expand / Contract Droit cédés uniquement pour une utilisation interne (illustration de rapport, de cours, etc ) a l'exclusion de toute utilsation dans la presse sous quelques formes que ce soit. (RBI-CNRS Corentin Drezen)

This recent discovery has become a rallying cry of sorts for the pro-GM movement, with the common stance being if genetic modification happens naturally then why shouldnt scientists be able to do the same thing in certain cases? The flipside of the coin argues that while natural genetic modification is one thing, doing it in a lab is another and could lead to more problems. Drezen himself didnt take a side (hes stated elsewhere that the GM angle in the press release was a way to attract interest), and has chosen a more balanced approach.

Our press release is not for or against GMOs (Genetically Modified Organisms): in one way we say that GMOs already exist in nature and it's not playing god to make GMOs (which could be considered as pro-GMO), he said. On the other hand, we say that genes introduced in one species can end up in another species, which stresses the risk of using GMOs to transfer protective genes to pests (which could be considered as against GMOs).

Some journalists choose to take only one argument (such as in the Wall Street Journals proGMO article), but we just want to inform everyone on what we see and to give a balanced conclusion, he added. If you decide to make GMOs you need to be aware of the risk and take it into account if its possible because we still don't know that much about horizontal gene transfer.This green goddess of a drink from Milagro Tequila has fruits and veggies. What better way to celebrate National Margarita Day then with a smooth sipper that's oh-so-light and refreshing?

Recipe: Agua Verde MargaritaUTICA, N.Y. (AP) Robert Esche's biggest save of his hockey career has dazzled this blue-collar city.

After a decade without a professional team, the former goalie along with businessman Frank DuRoss have resurrected the hockey ghosts and given this struggling central New York city a nice jolt of optimism.

Say hello to the Utica Comets, the latest incarnation of the pro game in a city that had been starved for a team to call its own.

''I think the Comets have given us the ability to put our hat on something,'' Mayor Robert Palmieri said. ''They've galvanized the city.''

Hockey had taken center stage before in the region, and Esche was well aware of the legacy of the Clinton Comets.

A member of the old Eastern Hockey League from 1954-73, the team was wildly popular, with the old rough-and-tumble action providing the grist for Nancy Dowd and brother Ned to write the screenplay for ''Slap Shot,'' the 1977 comedy starring Paul Newman.

The 1967-68 Comets lost only five times in 72 games under coach Pat Kelly, believed to be the fewest number of losses in a season in the history of modern professional hockey.

The 37-year-old Esche was born too late to witness the wrath of legendary enforcer Ian Anderson, the scoring exploits of Borden Smith, the grace of center Archie Burton, winger Dave Armstrong's hard shot, or the deft touch of captain Jack Kane.

Still, he asked their permission to use the Comets nickname when he was laying the groundwork for the franchise that transformed the Utica Memorial Auditorium into a hockey hotbed. That he has embraced the past has meant the world.

''It's been wonderful, and he's been wonderful to us old guys,'' the 71-year-old Armstrong said. ''He includes us in everything. It's been incredible.''

Esche, who grew up in the Utica suburb of Whitesboro, has had a passion to bring the American Hockey League back since the Utica Devils left town. Utica was the AHL affiliate of the New Jersey Devils from 1987-93, and the city hadn't had a pro team since the Mohawk Valley Prowlers of the United Hockey League went bankrupt in 2001 after a three-year run.

Esche ignored the naysayers and brought the Comets back two years ago.

''Everybody just said what a horrible idea it was. It'll never work,'' said Esche, who had tried once before a decade ago after the Prowlers packed their bags. That venture failed because there were ''just too many people, too many politicians, involved.''

When Esche decided to try again, he kept his plans under wraps. Over nine months he put together a business plan, talked to state politicians, secured a deal with the Vancouver Canucks to get an AHL affiliate, and negotiated a contract with the ''Aud.''

''It's incredible the passion that he has,'' Comets coach Travis Green said. ''It wouldn't have happened if he wasn't from here.''

The long hockey legacy played a part.

Esche never saw tough guy John Brophy, who racked up nearly 4,000 career penalty minutes from 1955-73, a league record, and is believed to be the role model for Newman's character Reggie Dunlop ''Slap Shot.'' But he knows the history.

Brophy and his Long Island Ducks often wreaked havoc in the nearby Clinton Arena, where the original Comets played. No surprise that scenes from the movie were filmed in both Clinton and Utica.

Fighting was in its heyday then, and when the Comets were on the ice, oftentimes the players weren't the only ones to get hit. Since the old rink didn't have Plexiglas atop the boards, fans were fair game for opposing players who, just like the Hanson brothers in the movie, never hesitated to venture into the stands if provoked enough. And when things weren't going well for the home team, fans never shied from tossing the arena's folding wooden chairs at enemy players as they skated past.

''They (the games) were wild,'' Kane, now 79, said. ''There were a lot of chairs thrown on the ice.''

Esche has tapped into that past and made sure it remains an integral part of the hockey experience today. Likenesses of several bygone stars in their playing days adorn the inside of the unique Aud, a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark with a cable-suspended roof and unobstructed seating. And although Anderson died here two years ago, amazingly, Burton, the elder statesman at 83, Kane, Smith, and Armstrong are among a group of seven former Comets who still live in the area and attend nearly every home game.

The Utica Devils made the playoffs four times in the team's tenure in Utica but were eliminated in the first round every time and never attracted more than 2,700 fans, even when Olympic hero Herb Brooks was coach.

Last season, only the current team's second year, the Comets hosted the league all-star game and won the Western Conference title to reach the Calder Cup finals before bowing to Manchester. The team had 26 sellouts in the regular season and every playoff game in the 3,835-seat Aud sold out, too, its raucous fans enjoying what turned into a 99-game season, the longest in the century-long history of hockey in the Mohawk Valley.

''There was never a place to play like that in all of the places we played,'' Armstrong said of the Clinton Arena. ''The fans were right on top of you. A Saturday night in Clinton was like Hockey Night in Canada, but this place here has absolutely come alive.

''I think kind of the same atmosphere has come back here. It's nice to see,'' Armstrong said. ''But I would love to have an old wooden chair that I could just grab if something went wrong. It would be wonderful, I'm telling yah.''

---

Follow Kekis on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/Greek1947Billy Graham: Rare photos from evangelist's early years

On Billy Graham's 96th birthday, LIFE.com presents a series of rare photos of the North Carolina native in public and in private  none of which ran in LIFE magazine  from the earliest days of the evangelist's lengthy career. Click here for more from LIFE.com.

FoxNews.com

http://www.foxnews.com/

graham1.jpg The Rev. Billy Graham, 1952. (Mark KauffmanTIME & LIFE Pictures/Getty Images) graham1

graham2.jpg Billy and Ruth Graham and their four children in North Carolina in 1956: Franklin, who would become the pastor's designated successor as head of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, Virginia, Anne and Ruth. (Ed ClarkTIME & LIFE Pictures/Getty Images) graham2

graham3.jpg Billy Graham during his 1960 crusade through Africa. (James BurkeTIME & LIFE Pictures/Getty Images) graham3

graham4.jpg Billy Graham joins newly inaugurated president John F. Kennedy at a national prayer breakfast at Washington's Mayflower Hotel in February 1961. (Paul SchutzerTIME & LIFE Pictures/Getty Images) graham4Heres whats going viral now on Facebook.

Audio clip: Listen to audio clip.

Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer (Official).

Unless youve been living under a rock, or in the Hoth system youre probably aware that the latest look for this highly anticipated Star Wars movie has arrived. The force is strong with fans, ecstatic to see the return of Han Solo with glimpses of the galaxys favorite scruffy looking Nerfherder sharing an embrace with long-time love, Princess Leia. Notably absent from the trailer Luke Skywalker, fueling online speculation about the characters fate in the upcoming film.

Daisy Ridley watching the new Force Awakens trailer is a video thats rippling through the Internet. The actress who plays Rey in the film gets vulnerable. Snuggled in bed, she watches the trailer for the first time on her phone and is reduced to tears, overcome with emotion and excitement.

And, the time has finally come

Fueled by the Future | Back to the Future | Presented by Toyota Mirai.

Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd reminisce about predictions Back to the Future II envisioned would exist on October 21st, 2015. An iconic date in the film franchise that has now come and gone. Toyota is apparently making one of the movies futuristic ideas, a reality. Remember Mr. Fusion? Well, this trending clip shows a scientist unveiling Toyotas new vehicle, that essentially turns trash into fuel. The trio take the car for a spin, which is appropriately equipped with an OUTATIME license plate.

For these videos and more, go to FOXNewsRadio.com.

Im Lauren Faulkner and those are your Facebook Status Updates on FOX News Radio.

Follow Lauren on Twitter: @FaulknerFOXNews

Click HERE for more Viral Videos from Status UpdatesA British coffee shop is being ordered to change its name immediately or face legal action.

The South London cafe, called F---offee, is one of three coffee shops owned by Londons Brick Lane Coffee --a chain based in London. Earlier this week, the owners received a notice from their landlords lawyer ordering them to take down the offensive sign, for failing to seek permission from the propertys owner, according to the website Legal Cheek.

If you or your Sub-Tenant do not immediately remove the sign about the Property shop front Fuckoffe, and make good any damage caused to the exterior of the building, our client will have no option but to remove the sign themselves or issue court proceedings seeking an injunction requiring you to remove the sign, reads the letter which also says that the landlord may revoke the lease if the proper measures are not enacted.

On Wednesday, F---offee Tweeted the notice captioning the post No humour please, were British.

No humour please, we're British. pic.twitter.com/P1U9VhAEho  Fuckoffee (@fuck0ffee) October 21, 2015

The shop, which was previously known as Bermondsey Street Coffee, has been operating under the name for over a year. Fans of the local shop have rushed to its defensive, tweeting their support, with one even starting a Change.org petition.

They [F---offee] have had a few anally retentive and gormless people complain about their name and now they have their money grabbing corporate landlord demand they take the sign down as it is deemed to be "offensive,""reads the petition.

We, the undersigned, confirm we have a sense of humour and find the continued attack on our beloved Fuckoffee an insult to freedom of expression, freedom of speech and humour.

Local ward councilor Damian O'Brien told the U.K.s Evening Standard that there have been a handful of complaints from neighbors, with some even getting the police involved.

They [sic] police dont feel that theres enough evidence to proceed, he told the paper. If the word had started with a C, that would have been an entirely different case altogetherIf theyd taken the K away it would have been more clever.

Although OBrien admitted to liking the coffee shop, he believes the owner is being ridiculously uncompromising.

The letter gives the shop until Oct. 27 to remove the sign or the tenants will begin measures to remove the sign or start legal proceedings.Common Core backers are sneaking a social and political agenda into nationalized curriculum, say critics, who now have new ammo in a writing lesson plan for teachers that they say gives a slanted perspective of the gun debate.

A study guide dubbed, "The Battle Over Gun Control," authored by KQED, a northern Californian affiliate of National Public Radio, and the nonprofit, taxpayer-subsidized National Writing Project, states that "moderate gun control" measures introduced following the Sandy Hook school massacre were deep-sixed by the "powerful political influence" of the NRA. Second Amendment advocates say the wording, in supplemental material designed to help teachers plan instruction, frames the debate in a one-sided fashion aimed at influencing young minds.

The issue took center stage in December, when a lone gunman entered an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., killing 20 children and six adults in one of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history, reads an intro from the guide. Yet, months down the line, the issue remains highly controversial: An attempt to enact moderate new gun control measures this spring was voted down in the Senate, due in part to the powerful political influence of gun rights groups like the National Rifle Association.

Concerned parents and longtime critics of Common Core say that this is just another example of flaws associated with the federally-imposed standards. While Common Core itself is not technically a curriculum, it drives classroom lessons by imposing a standard, nationalized test. Both private and nonprofit curriculum providers tout their material for its alignment with the standards tested in the Common Core examinations.

Does a child get a job because they can read well, write well and have competent math skills, or do they get a job for supporting gay marriage and gun control? - Alice Linahan, Voices Empower

This guide shows that the common core philosophy of education is coming to all schools. Alice Linahan, founder of Voices Empower, a grassroots organization that opposes Common Core, told FoxNews.com. Its a shift from teaching fact to teaching attitudes, belief and behavior.

Linahan says that she is not so much concerned with the gun-control views in the lesson but that such methods may leave students unprepared for the real world.

Does a child get a job because they can read well, write well and have competent math skills, or do they get a job for supporting gay marriage and gun control? she said.

The Battle Over Gun Control also lists eight relevant Common Core standards for English, Language Arts and Social Studies and how to use methods like information gathering from varied media and other formats, comprehension of informational texts and analytical writing with substantive arguments. The Department of Education funds the National Writing Project with grants that total more than $25 million annually.

Critics say the guide purports to give both sides of the hotly contested topic, but steers the debate to favor stricter gun control. In what the authors refer to as key points on the gun control issue from an NPR blog. The Topic Background contained in the guide explains that interpreting the intent of the framers of the Constitution is at the heart of the gun-control debate.

The materials offer guiding questions for students such as:

-Are rules and guidelines that were created over 200 years ago still applicable today?

-When a greater number of people in our society own guns, are we safer or more at risk?

-How accurate is this statement: The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.

Other resources provided are an infographic titled, Armed to the teeth: Gun ownership in America, and originally published by GOOD magazine, which calls itself a magazine for the global citizen.

It is not clear how widely the lesson has been distributed, although schools throughout the country have used lessons prepared by the National Writing Project." Officials for KQED did not respond to requests for comment.

Related Image Expand / Contract The Battle Over Gun Control was authored by an NPR affiliate and the National Writing Project and states that "moderate gun control" measures were deep-sixed by the influence of the NRA. ((FoxNews.com))

National Writing Project Executive Director Elyse Eidman-Aadahl said that both her organization and the NPR affiliate stand by the supplemental teaching materials.

[T]he National Writing Project and KQED both feel it is important for students to engage in fact-based conversations about issues that matter to them, their families, and their communities, she told FoxNews.com in a written statement.

Linahan says that materials such as The Battle Over Gun Control will be continued to be used in schools nationwide if the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which provides funding for schools, is re-authorized.

What will be mandated in the act, if its renewed, will continue a shift in our education system and makes it federal law, she said, adding that her organization, Voices Empower, is looking to campaign against the upcoming re-authorization.

The Common Core State Standards Initiative was devised by an association of the nation's governors and backed by the Obama administration in 2009 with the goal of setting a uniform standard for grades K-12 nationwide. Some 45 states, in many cases enticed by federal grants, have signed on and are testing students in grades 3-8 and once in high school.

Critics of the initiative maintain that it is not the federal government's job to impose educational standards.

Perry Chiaramonte is a reporter for FoxNews.com. Follow him on Twitter at @perrychTexas A&M defensive lineman Myles Garrett (15) is locked up by Mississippi's Laremy Tunsil (78) during the first half. AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis

OXFORD, Miss. -- Chad Kelly threw for 241 yards and two touchdowns and No. 24 Mississippi used a dominant defense to beat No. 15 Texas A&M 23-3 on Saturday night.

Ole Miss (6-2, 3-1 Southeastern Conference) bounced back from last week's loss to Memphis. Laquon Treadwell caught five passes for 102 yards and a touchdown and Jaylen Walton ran for 97 yards.

Texas A&M (5-2, 2-2) has lost two straight. Sophomore Kyle Allen completed just 12 of 34 passes for 88 yards before being replaced by Jake Hubenak early in the fourth quarter.

Ole Miss jumped out to a 16-3 lead by halftime and put the game out of reach with a 58-yard touchdown pass from Kelly to Treadwell with 9:16 left in the third quarter.

Ole Miss then relied on its defense to coast to a surprisingly one-sided win.

The victory was vital for Ole Miss as it continues to control its own fate in the Western Division thanks to a win over Alabama in September. The Rebels are still a game behind first-place LSU, but host the Tigers on Nov. 21 in Oxford.

Ole Miss wasn't at its best offensively -- Kelly threw three interceptions -- but still pushed out to a 13-0 lead midway through the second quarter following a 7-yard touchdown pass from Kelly to Evan Engram and two field goals.

The final few minutes of the second half were eventful with three turnovers on three consecutive plays -- two by Texas A&M and one by Ole Miss. The Rebels were able to convert the Aggies' second miscue into a field goal for a 16-3 halftime lead.

Ole Miss left tackle Laremy Tunsil started his first game of the season after serving a seven-game NCAA suspension for receiving illegal benefits. It appeared the All-SEC junior had an immediate impact -- the Rebels ran for 141 yards in the first half after having just 40 yards on the ground total in last week's loss to Memphis.

It was the first true road game for Texas A&M this season and its offense looked disjointed for most of the night. It was a tough night for Allen, who was 0 of 13 passing in the third quarter, missing badly on several throws.

It wasn't immediately clear why the Aggies turned to Hubenak late in the game instead of listed backup Kyler Murray.

Ole Miss played without star defensive tackle Robert Nkemdiche, who suffered a concussion last week against Memphis.

The Rebels didn't seem to miss him. Texas A&M managed just 192 total yards.House Republicans this week appeared committed to passing measures that President Obama almost certainly wont sign, including a bill that would put the government at risk of defaulting on its bills.

The GOP-controlled chamber on Friday adopted a measure -- through a process called budget reconciliation -- that repeals large parts of ObamaCare and defunds Planned Parenthood.

The process allows the Senate to pass such legislation without a super-majority, which the Republican-controlled upper chamber has failed to get in recent key votes.

The move is largely considered another symbolic effort against the president. But another by House Republicans -- including proposed cuts to Medicare and other social service programs in the debt ceiling plan -- could cause problems after Nov. 3, when the government technically runs out of cash.

The administration has asked for a measure clean of any such amendments and has vowed to veto one that includes them.

The administration is asking Congress to increase the federal government's $18.1 trillion borrowing cap so that it can continue to pay its bills in full and on time.

Administration officials warn that failing to raise the cap would result in a meltdown in the financial markets.

"This is asking the Congress to pay bills that it's already incurred," White House spokesman Eric Schultz said Friday.

House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., acknowledge Friday that the ceiling will have to be raised but acknowledged the need for a long-term solution.

Outgoing House Speaker John Boehner will attempt this week to negotiate with the House Republicans demanding such spending cuts, particular the conferences most fiscally conservative members, so he can pull together a clean bill.

Boehners leadership team on Thursday decided not to hold a final vote on a debit-ceiling measure because there was a lack of support. The speaker would need the additional support of 30 to 40 House Republicans.

He vowed last month after his resignation, largely forced by the chambers conservative wing, not to leave a dirty barn for his successor.

It is inconceivable to me that there aren't 30-plus Republicans to vote to make sure their country is solvent," said Maryland Rep. Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat.

Over the past week, Wisconsin GOP Rep. Paul Ryan, House Ways and Means Committee chairman and 2012 vice presidential candidate, appears to have built enough consensus to become the next speaker.

The vote is scheduled for Wednesday. Ryan, in his bid to win the post appears to have struck some agreements with the most conservative House members to avoid the rancor that helped force out Boehner and to craft better policy and legislation.

The conservative group Heritage Action for America, which has been behind the Houses conservative caucus, opposed the reconciliation proposal, arguing it doesnt fully repeal ObamaCare nor defund Planned Parenthood.

We expect the Senate to do better, and every member that voted in favor of this bill should explain to their constituents how full repeal of ObamaCare will become a reality in 2017, said Michael Needham, the groups chief executive officer.

Planned Parenthood has long been a target of conservatives for performing abortions. However, the group faced renewed criticism this year when secretly recorded videos showed officials discussing, insensitively at times, the sale of fetal tissue.

The House is also scheduled to hold another contentious vote next week, on whether to reauthorize the federal Export-Import Bank, which finances the exportation of U.S. goods and services, and which Heritage Action and other critics say benefits the wealthiest U.S. corporations.

"The case against the Export-Import Bank is clear, the group said Saturday. The bank is simply putting taxpayers at risk and distorting the market to subsidize a handful of multi-billion dollar companies. Even proponents of the bank acknowledge it does not actually create jobs.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Perfectly timed for Back to the Future Day  Silicon Valley firm Arx Pax has unveiled Hendo 2.0, the next generation of its hoverboard technology.

The first version of the technology generated plenty of buzz when it appeared on Kickstarter last year, drawing obvious comparisons with Marty McFlys hoverboard in Back to the Future Part II. Keen to continue this momentum, Arx Pax teamed with skateboarding superstar Tony Hawk to help develop its latest proof of concept design.

Related: Marty McFlys hoverboard is finally real, and its on Kickstarter right now

Getting Tonys feedback made a huge difference in our design approach, said Arx Pax CEO Greg Henderson in a press release.

Hendo 2.0 has a sleeker design than its predecessor and its engines have been enhanced, according to an Arx Pax spokeswoman. A lot of the focus has been on creating more efficient hover engines on the board and making the board quieter, she told FoxNews.com.

Related Image Expand / Contract Hendo 2.0

Arx Pax also modified the metal axles from skateboards as part of Hendo 2.0s structural control system. After some long discussions, we all agreed that the hoverboard should be as intuitive as possible, so we used a traditional [skateboard-like] deck as the user interface, said Henderson.

Related: Skate star Tony Hawk busts hoverboard move

Other Hendo 2.0 enhancements include an improved power system and better traction thanks to the modified axles. Hendo 2.0 also has simplified engine controls, a wireless safety switch, improved hover engine performance and improved balance, according to Arx Pax.

Like the earlier version, Hendo 2.0 uses Arx Paxs Magnetic Field Architecture (MFA), which provides magnetic elevation.

Arx Pax, however, wont be producing a consumer version of the Hendo 2.0, and is instead focused on making and selling hover engines for applications such as industrial automation, transportation and entertainment. We are in discussions with potential partners around the world about their plans to create commercial hoverboards and hover parks and we're excited by the level of interest we have received since we unveiled the alpha board last October, explained the Arx Pax spokeswoman.

Related: California company wants to hover buildings, protecting against earthquakes

A number of high-profile organizations are already looking to harness MFA.

Last week Arx Pax announced that that SpaceX has accommodated MFA into the draft specifications for its Hyperloop Pod Competition. The competition to create the best pod for the high-speed Hyperloop transport system is geared towards university students and engineering teams.

Related: NASA taps hoverboard company Arx Pax to build space tractor beam

Arx Pax has also entered into a Space Act Agreement with NASA, which aims to use MFA in an ambitious plan to build micro-satellite capture devices that can manipulate and couple satellites from a distance.

Follow James Rogers on Twitter @jamesjrogersSpanish tennis star Garbiñe Muguruza said Saturday that despite being the focus of attention at the WTA Finals in Singapore she did not believe she was the favorite to win the title.

"I don't think I'm the favorite, but I'm going to go out and give it my all to win here," the world No. 4, who is making her first appearance at this eight-player, season-ending event, said at a press conference a day before the singles matches kick off.

The Spaniard has been drawn in the White group along with Czech Petra Kvitova, Germany's Angelique Kerber and Czech Lucie Safarova, her first round-robin opponent on Monday.

The Red group, meanwhile, is made up of Russia's Maria Sharapova, Romania's Simona Halep, Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska and Italy's Flavia Pennetta, who announced after winning last month's U.S. Open that she would retire at the end of the season.

American world No. 1 Serena Williams, who won the other three majors of the season and came within two matches of pulling off a rare calendar-year Grand Slam, announced early this month that she would not play the WTA Finals because she needed to give her body a chance to recover from the grueling season.

Sharapova will take on Radwanska and Halep will square off against Pennetta in the tournament's first round-robin matches on Sunday.

"It's going to be interesting ... Every match is really tough in this tournament because it's like you're playing a final every day," Muguruza said.

The 22-year-old Spaniard began the season ranked No. 20 but has surged into the top 5 on the strength of her runner-up finish at Wimbledon and strong recent play in the WTA Tour's Asian swing.

During the press conference, Muguruza also said she would continue working with French coach Sam Sumyk in the 2016 season, adding that everything is "perfect" at the moment.

The Spaniard is also in the doubles tournament, which kicks off Sunday with a match pitting Muguruza and fellow Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro against the team of Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Safarova. EFEThe World Indigenous Games officially opens Friday, when Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff is expected to attend a lavish opening ceremony in the games' host city, Palmas, a remote outpost in the sunbaked heart of Brazil.

The first World Indigenous Games got off to a rocky start Friday as the opening ceremony's colorful parade of native peoples was marred by technical hitches and a noisy protest against the Brazilian government.

Billed as indigenous peoples' answer to the Olympics, the nine-day event has drawn around 2,000 native people from dozens of Brazilian tribes and nearly 20 countries to Palmas, a steamy agricultural outpost in central Brazil.

The opening ceremony was a rich, theatrical affair. Orchestrated by a producer who is helping plan the opening ceremony for next year's Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, the event included a parade of people in native dress ranging from tropical-friendly straw skirts and feathers to Artic furs.

Embattled Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff was on hand for the ceremony, and although she didn't address the crowd, she was initially greeted by boos and hisses.

When a traffic jam kept busloads of participants from reaching the venue, sparking a long and uncomfortable mid-ceremony delay, several groups of indigenous spectators unfurled protest banners and broke into anti-government chants.

"Dilma's not good for Brazil and she's not good for us," said José Cicero da Silva, a farmer from the Wassu Cocal nation from Brazil's impoverished Alagoas state. "For a supposedly leftist government, she has done nothing to help the indigenous cause."

Rousseff, who has seen her popularity ratings plummet to single digits amid a tanking economy and unfurling corruption scandal at state-run oil giant Petrobras, has long had frosty relations with Brazil's indigenous communities.

They regard her as too friendly with big agriculture and slow to designate indigenous territories. A proposal to amend the constitution to put the power to designate indigenous lands in the hands of Congress, which is heavily influenced by agricultural interests, has outraged many here.

"Brazilian politicians are increasingly against indigenous peoples," said Jaira da Silva of the Tingui-Boto people. "There's a super conservative congress that's trying to take away indigenous rights that are enshrined in the very constitution."

Still, for many in the audience, the event transcended politics.

Many spectators and participants alike were moved to tears by the ceremony, which featured indigenous people from as far afield as the Philippines, New Zealand and Russia. The latter's single delegate defied the tropical heat in a bespangled black cat suit with fur accents.

"I'm at a loss for words," said Reinaldo Quispe, an Aymara Indian in the Bolivian delegation. "I never in my life thought I would meet my brothers from the different tribes around the world."

A human kaleidoscope concluded the ceremony as the nearly 2,000 delegates melted into a throbbing, dancing and chanting mass of multi-colored humanity. Although the ceremony had dragged on for hours, the delegates were slow to disperse.

The World Indigenous Games, which includes such events as canoeing, archery and tug-of-war, runs through Nov. 1.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & Instagram©2015 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Privacy - Terms - FAQJack Bogle has made changes inside his personal investment portfolio.

In a news interview last week, the legendary indexer revealed that his 60% allocation to U.S. stocks and 40% to bonds via index funds (VBINX) has shifted to a more conservative asset split of 50/50 in each group.

Bogle is the 86-year old founder of Vanguard Group, the worlds largest mutual fund company.

For most investors, Bogles personal asset mix is irrelevant to how their own investment portfolio should be built. (Bogleheads will disagree, but then again, they agree with anything Jack says or does no matter how crazy.) More importantly, Bogles portfolio flunks in at least two crucial aspects: risk and diversification.

Bogle Doesnt Invest in International Stocks

Why doesnt Bogle own foreign stocks? His chief argument is that many U.S. conglomerates earn more 50% of their revenue outside of the U.S. thus giving his portfolio indirect exposure to foreign markets. However good that may sound, its off-center by a lot.

(Audio) Portfolio School: How to Build an Investment Portfolio that Passes the Grade

U.S. stocks represent just 52% of the entire global equity market, while non-U.S. equities, including those of developed countries such as Germany, Japan, and the United Kingdom (VEA), plus those of emerging countries such as Brazil, India, and China, (VWO) account for the remaining portion. Put another way, Bogles portfolio misses direct exposure to 48% of the global equity market!

Even Vanguards own research on the matter of equity diversification contradicts Bogles personal biases.

A research paper produced by Vanguard titled, Global equities: Balancing home bias and diversification illustrates the problems with deliberating excluding key areas of the global stock market.

One of the points made by Vanguard deals with how U.S. stock indices are more concentrated in biotechnology, computer equipment, information technology, and software stocks. As a result, investors like Bogle who purposely exclude foreign stocks are underweighted in key industries such as electrical equipment, durable household goods, and automobiles  which all have a greater representation inside foreign stock market indexes. Vanguard notes, An all-U.S. portfolio would lose not just investment opportunities but also the diversification benefits of a portfolio thats more evenly distributed across industries.

Bogle Lacks Currency and Asset Class Diversification

Aside from having an equity portfolio thats under-diversified, Bogles portfolio deliberately excludes major asset classes like real estate (RWR), commodities (GSG), and cash. Bogles portfolio is essentially a two-asset class portfolio with exposure to just U.S. stocks and U.S. bonds. In truth, authentic diversification is all about having broad exposure to all the major asset classes vs. investing according to self-invented rules that embrace a quasi-diversified viewpoint.

Aside from the benefits of securities diversification, funds and ETFs that own foreign securities also offer currency diversification. This is an automatic feature because the securities held inside these funds are denominated in local currencies, which thereby diversifies U.S. based investors away from the dollar (UUP).

GET Ron DeLegges Free Portfolio Checklist: TEXT 33444 and TYPE PORTCHECK

Because Bogles securities exposure is 100% U.S. focused (VOO), his portfolio lacks currency diversification. Although the U.S. dollar is still the worlds reserve currency, an unexpected crash or significant decline in the dollars value would inflict severe damage on one-dimensional dollar only portfolios.

Bogles 50/50 Split Isnt Age Appropriate

Although Bogle is comfortable with his 50/50 split between stocks and bonds, its not an age-appropriate asset mix for most investors in his age group. Thats because most people in their mid-80s cant handle the volatility or market risk of a 50/50 portfolio nor do they have a sufficiently long time horizon to recover from a significant market decline. No doubt, Bogle has chosen his 50/50 asset mix with his heirs in mind, but for the typical mid-80s investor they may not necessarily have that same goal or luxury.

Moreover, Bogles 50% allocation to bonds for safety is erroneous because bonds can and do lose value. For example, when interest rates rise, the value of bonds decreases. This unapologetic truth and math is amplified with bonds that have longer-term durations. And while its true that bond income payments may increase when rates increase, it still doesnt change the fact that bonds can and do lose value. It makes better sense to use fixed income assets that dont fluctuate or lose value at all for the part of your portfolio that cannot and must not lose value.

A Word about Simplicity

While Bogles idea of a simplified portfolio should be applauded, Albert Einstein correctly observed that Everything should be as simple as it can be, but not simpler.

In this regard, Bogles 50/50 once again flunks. While simple portfolios are easier to manage, simplicity in the name of investment portfolios that deliberately exclude major asset classes is unacceptable. Likewise, age-inappropriate portfolios along with using assets that have the potential to lose market value like bonds as safe money is poor risk management.

The impressive historical performance of the 50/50 portfolio  especially compared to Wall Streets over-hyped fund managers  is still used by many people as a crutch. But historical performance, as Bogle would admit, tells us nothing about the future. Beware of counting your chickens before they hatch, dear investor.

In the end, the 50/50 portfolio  like its 60/40 counterpart  is a great marketing idea. Its also a sad testament to our devolutionary era of canned and one-size fits all investing. The investing public deserves something better.

Suggested Reads:Bama Bully Rescue and Dog Days teamed up for the Puppaween Carnival as part of Pitbull Awareness Day.

The idea is to draw attention and understanding to the pit bull breed. The carnival allowed dogs, kids, and adults to gather for fun activities.

They had everything from a moonwalk and a bean bag toss to bobbing for dog toys.

"In our shelters around here its about 60 percent pit bulls or bully breeds. They're the most commonly abused animal," organizer Melanie Hicks said. "Through breeding they have more of a propensity. From dog reactivity to dog aggression and that's with any dog. It's not a black and white issue."

Bama Bully Rescue is a volunteer organization that works with shelters and the public to find homes for pit bulls and bully breeds that have been abandoned, abused or neglected.

Copyright 2015 WBRC. All rights reserved.Thanks to the use of satellite imaging technology, a group of Spanish scientists and researchers have uncovered a massive Inca sanctuary high in the Peruvian Andes that was once used for human sacrifices.

Located in the mountains of Vilcabamba, Peru  about 93 miles from the former Incan capital of Cusco  the site contains at least 55 enclosures that researchers believe to be tombs. The expedition also found evidence of human sacrifice in one part of the sanctuary.

The ruins, unknown to science until now and discovered through an investigation that included remote sensing techniques, may be from the Inca kingdom of Vilcabamba, Spanish writer Miguel Gutiérrez Garitano, who led the expedition, told El País.

The evidence we have collected may show proof of the existence of the ritual Capacocha, or human sacrifices, in the high mountain area, which  according to experts  would be a revolutionary discovery.

He added: Moreover, very luckily, we also found an Inca cemetery with dozens of tombs inside caves.

Scientists believe that the human sacrifices and other important rituals were a common practice here during the Neo-Inca kingdom, but the site may have been built before that.

Usually this type of ritual  where they mainly sacrificed virginal maidens but not necessarily only those  was performed to prevent famines or natural disasters, during some specific festivals or after the death of the Inca, for example, Gutiérrez Garitano said.

He added: We have found evidence indicating that the ritual of Capacocha may have been performed on this mountain. We have documented two building structures near the summit identical to those that emerged from the volcano Llullaillaco and that were supposedly used to prepare the children before the last ritual of the sacrifice. There is a stone platform nearby where those children may be buried.

The team hopes to return in the summer of 2016 to continue their field work.

Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter & InstagramJesse Watters asks the folks about Benghazi and where they get their news on 'The O'Reilly Factor.' Watch and weigh in!A new technology unleashes electronic attacks on enemy drones, enslaving them to its will.

Made by Finmeccanica-Selex ES, the Falcon Shield technology lets the good guys gain control of drones and land them safely.

Related: Anti-drone shoulder rifle lets police take control of UAVs with targeted radio pulses

Recently unveiled, Falcon Shield finds, fixes, tracks, identifies and defeats drones. Mini-drones are becoming a growing security concern, as evidenced by the quadcopter drone that crashed onto the White House grounds earlier this year.

The threat

Small-sized drones are cheap, widely commercially available, simple to assemble and easy to fly. These micro drones can be hard to detect and stop and could be used to attack targets by carrying threats like explosives or chemical and biological weapons.

The Falcon Shield is an adaptable system that can be deployed to protect VIPs. It could also be used to protect military convoys and patrols. Falcon Shield doesnt need to be at a fixed location, and different versions of the technology can be carried by an individual or a vehicle.

On a much larger scale, Falcon Shield can be used to protect a military base or a skyscraper that acts as headquarters for a big corporation.

Related: The laser cannon that kills drones

Falcon Shield monitors an assigned area to detect potential threats and protect a specified location by going through five stages of engagement.

In the first stage, Falcon Shield locates both the drone threat and the ground station controlling it. The tech then uses this data to guide the next stage. To fix the target, radar and electronic monitoring work together with an electro-optical infrared camera.

The camera and radar then track and identify the threat. In the final phase, Falcon Shield focuses on defeating the drone. When Falcon defeats a drone it doesnt just jam it. It seizes control of the drone.

How the technology takes control of the drones is shrouded in secrecy  but take control it does. Say a micro drone is targeting a VIP, for example, the good guys can fly it away from the target. They can force it to land at a safe location where a team can investigate and fully neutralize the threat.

Ballet dancer turned defense specialist Allison Barrie has traveled around the world covering the military, terrorism, weapons advancements and life on the front line. You can reach her at wargames@foxnews.com or follow her on Twitter @Allison_Barrie.The first private moon landing could be just two years away.

California-based company Moon Express, which aims to fly commercial missions to the moon and help unlock its resources, has signed a five-launch deal with Rocket Lab, with the first two robotic liftoffs scheduled to take place in 2017.

These uncrewed launches  three of which are firmly on the books, with the other two optional at the moment  will blast Moon Express' MX-1 lander into space aboard Rocket Lab's 52.5-foot-tall Electron rocket. The goal is to test out the MX-1 and its systems, making sure the spacecraft can land softly on the moon, move about the lunar surface, grab samples and return them to Earth. [Moon Express: A Private Lunar Lander in Pictures]

"The holy grail of our company is to provide, to prove, a full-services capability  not just landing, but coming back from the moon," said Moon Express co-founder and CEO Bob Richards, who announced the new launch Oct. 1 at the Space Technology & Investment Summit in San Francisco.

If the MX-1 nails its landing on the first mission, "we're going to be inspired to try a sample-return," Richards told Space.com. "I don't know if we'll do that on the second mission, but I sure hope we're trying it by the third mission, if all is going that well."

The two optional launches provide some insurance for Moon Express in case the first three flights don't go entirely according to plan, Richards said.

The contract puts Moon Express in position to possibly win the Google Lunar X Prize, a $30 million competition to land a privately funded robotic spacecraft on the moon by the end of 2017. The first team to do this  and have the craft move 1,640 feet and beam high-definition video and images back to Earth as well  will win the $20 million grand prize. (The second team to accomplish these goals gets $5 million; another $5 million is available for meeting certain other milestones.)

Sixteen teams remain in the running for the Google Lunar X Prize, so the outcome remains very much up in the air. For example, one team, Astrobotic, signed a contract in 2011 to launch its lunar lander aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket. Astrobotic representatives have said they plan to launch in 2016.

The 3.9-foot-wide Electron rocket is designed to deliver a 330-lb. payload to a sun-synchronous orbit 310 miles above Earth, according to Rocket Lab's website. The two-stage rocket is not operational yet; commercial launches are scheduled to begin in 2016, say representatives of the company, which is headquartered in California but has a New Zealand subsidiary. (Moon Express will have the option of launching from Rocket Lab's range in New Zealand or from a site in the United States.)

"Rocket Lab is pleased to begin working with Moon Express to launch its spacecraft and to provide support to such an ambitious mission," Rocket Lab CEO Peter Beck said in a statement. "Moon Express has used advanced orbital mechanics to enable this mission from low-Earth orbit."

Electron is quite an affordable option as far as orbital launches are concerned, with each liftoff costing just $4.9 million. Falcon 9 launches, for example, cost about $60 million each.

"We think the collapse of the price to get to the moon is going to enable a whole new market  kind of like the 4-minute-mile of space," Richards said.

The MX-1 landers that blast off atop an Electron will be relatively small, constrained by the rocket's size.. But the MX-1 is scalable, Richards said, and can be modified as needed to help the company achieve its ambitious goal of opening up the moon and its resources to commercial use.

"As the market responds, we will be able to provide the platforms to support the market," Richards said. "We're starting small; we're starting with the baby steps."

This story was updated at 3:45 p.m. ET to add information about Astrobotic's plans.Vin Diesel plays an immortal warrior facing threat from his past in the supernatural film "The Last Witch Hunter," and its a character that hits closer to home since the untimely death of his "Fast and Furious" friend and co-star Paul Walker in a fiery car crash in 2013.

I loved the concept of immortality. Maybe immortality and death was more present for me and more important to me last year than it was in years in the past," Diesel told FOX411.

"The Last Witch Hunter" is a fantasy set against the backdrop of modern New York City. As a struggling actor, Diesel says he once had enough time on his hands to play fantasy games like "Dungeons and Dragons," but that's not the case these days.

I was so frustrated by 20 years of sending out head shots and begging people to consider me that I ended up directing my own films and I got a lot of success from doing that," he said. "But once I started to do that, there was very little time to spend creating a fictitious world like you would for Dungeons and Dragons and so in some ways it transferred. So my Dungeons and Dragons campaign now is called The Fast and the Furious."

While he wont be directing the next installment of "Furious," he does plan to go behind the camera at some point. My mother just thinks that I tell stories in an interesting way as a director but she also thinks I tell stories in an interesting way as a producer," he adds. "But who cares what my mom thinks really?

As Diesel jokes, she can only buy one ticket.

The Last Witch Hunter in theaters October 23.

Fox News Entertainment Producer Ashley Dvorkin covers celebrity news, red carpets, TV, music, and movies. Dvorkin, winner of the 2011 CMA Media Achievement Award, is also host of "Fox 411 Country," "Star Traveler," Fox 411 Big Screen," and "Fox on Reddit."President Obama may be stretching when he assures the American public that combat operations in Afghanistan ended last year.



The president repeated the claim Thursday as he announced 5,500 U.S. troops would remain in Afghanistan after 2016. "Last December, more than 13 years after our nation was attacked by Al Qaeda on 9/11, Americas combat mission in Afghanistan came to responsible end," Obama said from the White House, flanked by Vice President Biden, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joe Dunford and Defense Secretary Ash Carter.



But this year alone, the U.S. military has carried out more than 328 airstrikes, dropping 629 bombs since January, according to U.S. Air Force Central Command. That amounts to roughly one U.S. airstrike a day since the president announced that combat operations had ended during his State of the Union address in January. So far this year, 25 U.S. service members have been killed in Afghanistan.



During his January address, Obama said U.S. troops have moved to a support role. He said, Together with our allies, we will complete our mission there by the end of this year, and America's longest war will finally be over."



Obama backed off his pledge Thursday to end the war by the end of the year, but maintained that the combat mission is over and said the mission of those staying behind will not change. The remaining U.S. forces will be based at three air bases in Bagram, Kandahar and Jalalabad, and will only be authorized to train Afghans and hunt Al Qaeda.



"Our forces engage in two missions -- training Afghan forces and supporting counterterror operations against remnants of Al Qaeda," the president said at the White House.



Carter told reporters the same from the Pentagon: "The combat mission has ended and our mission now, on a day-to-day basis, is train, advise and assist and counterterrorism and only to undertake other kinds of operations, either to protect our own forces or in an extremist situation."



The administration argues that despite sustained airstrikes, that mission nevertheless counts as counterterrorism and not combat. A Fox News reporter asked Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook on Thursday to clarify Carter's remarks that "combat" is over and the "counterterror" mission remains.



"I think we've talked about it a lot, Cook said. Its clear when we're talking about the counterterror mission  the target is remnants of Al Qaeda."



Yet these restrictions may also be a misrepresentation of the reality on the ground in Afghanistan.



For example, the actions of U.S. Special Operations forces on the ground in Kunduz show U.S. troops are doing more than "training Afghan forces" or targeting Al Qaeda. A U.S. Special Forces team called in the airstrike on Oct. 3 that hit a Kunduz hospital run by Doctors Without Borders. The hospital had been suspected of having a Taliban presence; the head of U.S. forces in Afghanistan Gen. John Campbell told reporters it was the Afghans who requested the airstrike. The U.S. has since called the strike a mistake.



Separately, a press release from U.S. Forces-Afghanistan revealed that beginning Oct. 7, the U.S. military conducted 63 precision strikes while Afghan forces engaged in several battles on the ground against al-Qaeda networks at two related sites. A large cache of weapons was seized by 200 U.S. and Afghan ground forces.



The two training sites were located in Kandahar, Afghanistan, the same area where Usama bin Laden set up training camps in the 1990s. According to the statement, one of the camps was 30 square miles, half the size of Washington, D.C.

More on this... Rubio warns Afghanistan could become the next Syria

Jennifer Griffin currently serves as a national security correspondent for FOX News Channel . She joined FNC in October 1999 as a Jerusalem-based correspondent.

Lucas Tomlinson is the Pentagon and State Department producer for Fox News Channel. You can follow him on Twitter: @LucasFoxNewsLaura Bell Bundy is recovering after undergoing surgery to repair a hole in her heart.

The singer, dancer and actor posted to social media on Thursday night, thanking her doctors after they took care of a congenital heart problem. Mission Accomplished! she writes. Many thanks to the illustrious Dr. Zahn, technology & the congenital heart team at Cedars Sinai for patching up the hole in my heart yesterday. Now my engine will run more efficiently!

A photo posted by Laura Bell Bundy (@laurabellbundy) on Oct 22, 2015 at 5:18pm PDT

Bundy was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect called Ventricular Septal Defect when she was 6-weeks-old. She has been holding off surgery to correct it for years, since the procedure included cutting open the chest and cracking open the rib cage to get to the heart.

Her condition hasnt affected Bundys competitive drive, though she did have a scare when she passed out during a running competition in high school, which taught her to respect her limits. "I'm also proud to say that my heart condition hasn't stunted my career. I've been able to sing and dance in high-intensity Broadway plays," she says. "My overall fitness and health has probably helped my body withstand some of the effects of my condition."

Bell is a national volunteer for the American Heart Associations Go Red For Women movement. She says medical research has come a long way in the last 30 years. "But we also know there is a long way still to go, she states. I urge you to join the Go Red For Women movement and help us get there as quickly as possible."

Carrie Underwood Opens Up About Song She Wrote for Her Son and HusbandJose Abreu has hit 30-plus homers in each of his first two MLB seasons. Rick Osentoski USA TODAY Sports

(We will preview one team's offseason each day leading up to the start of free agency. Now up: the Chicago White Sox.)

Last offseason, the White Sox underwent a serious makeover as GM Rick Hahn made a number of high-profile moves. But the exciting offseason didn't account for much on the field, and the White Sox finished 2015 with a record of 76-86 for fourth place in the AL Central.

While most of Hahn's 2014-15 offseason acquisitions seriously underperformed this year, the White Sox still have a talented core of Chris Sale, Jose Abreu, Jose Quintana and Adam Eaton. Three things the White Sox should do if they want to contend in 2016:

1. Acquire a corner outfielder. It's time to end the Avisail Garcia right field experiment. The 24-year-old hasn't developed into the outfielder the White Sox expected, and he's hurting more than helping at this point.

Trayce Thompson will compete in spring training for an outfield spot, but he's been inconsistent at the plate and would probably be best suited as the team's fourth outfielder.

With a number of mid-level outfielders on the free-agent market this year, the White Sox shouldn't have a problem acquiring a player like Gerardo Parra, Austin Jackson, Denard Span or Dexter Fowler. If they really want to break the bank, they could go after one of the top-tier free agents like Yoenis Cespedes or Alex Gordon, although that seems unlikely due to payroll constraints.

2. Add a third baseman. Their internal options of Matt Davidson, Tyler Saladino and Mike Olt are weak, so it would probably be in the White Sox's best interest to upgrade the position. There aren't many third basemen on the free-agent market this year, so a trade might be the best route to go. Luis Valbuena, Trevor Plouffe and Todd Frazier could all be worth exploring, so Hahn should be working the phones to fill the hot corner.

3. Strengthen the pitching depth. With Jeff Samardzija likely leaving in free agency, the White Sox are losing one of their front-of-the-line starters. Granted, Samardzija greatly underperformed in his short time on the South Side, but starting pitchers of his caliber are still hard to come by. Sale, Quintana and Carlos Rodon are locked in as the top three starters, with Tyler Danish, Chris Beck, Erik Johnson and Frankie Montas all competing for spots. The internal candidates certainly aren't blowing anyone out of the water, so the Sox might look to acquire a second-tier starter like Doug Fister, Ian Kennedy or Mike Leake.A Mexican woman who has suffered from a painful medical condition known as endometriosis for 13 years has set off on the final leg of a 5,000-kilometer (3,107-mile) journey from Toronto to Tijuana, Mexico, a trip aimed at raising awareness about the disease.

Maria Gonzalez, who was diagnosed at the age of 18 and has undergone six surgeries, began her journey in Toronto on Aug. 16 without knowing how far she would be able to cycle.

"Living with endometriosis for so many years makes you very uncertain and limits you a lot because you never know when the pain will strike," Gonzalez, affectionately known by her Facebook followers and visitors to her Web site (www.endobike.com) as "Kukis," told EFE Thursday before the 60th leg of her trip, mostly through the United States.

Endometriosis, a so-called "silent disease" that mainly affects women between the ages of 25 and 40, "is the development of uterine-lining tissue outside the uterus," according to WebMD.

"Symptoms may include abdominal pain, heavy periods and infertility," that medical Web site says.

Roughly 10 percent of women suffer from the disease, which is difficult to diagnose, and many of them experience painful symptoms without knowing the real cause.

That reality prompted Gonzalez and her husband to launch a campaign aimed at garnering more support from the health-care industry.

In her long struggle with the disease, Kukis realized the lack of awareness about the disease was not limited to Mexico.

"If we don't break the silence, it's going to (continue) to take eight or nine years for diagnoses to be made, because that's the average time that elapses before endometriosis is detected in a woman," she said.

Gonzalez, who was diagnosed while undergoing surgery to remove ovarian cysts, said, "We have to start talking about this, overcome the shame and know we're ill so health institutions start supporting us and there's better medication to combat the disease."

Hysterectomy, or surgical removal of the uterus, an operation she underwent at age 28, is not even a definitive solution for endometriosis sufferers, although some doctors recommend it as a cure, she cautioned.

Kukis has been supported on her journey by her husband, Jose Alejandro Andalon, who maintains her equipment and ensures her safety on the roads.

"This campaign belongs to both of us, each one supporting the other," Andalon said.

Kukis, who just a few years ago was bed-ridden with the disease, recalled feeling ill, suffering knee pain and experiencing itching from insect bites 21 days into the trip.

She said she shared her doubts and concerns about the long journey on social media and was encouraged by her Facebook followers to keep going.

"A lot of women with endometriosis would say 'you can do it!' 'go for it!' It helped me a lot just to read (their messages) and reminded me this trip was not about me alone, but for all of them as well," Gonzalez said.

"If a woman has disabling pain during her period which does not allow her to go to school or work or play the sport she likes, that's not normal and she needs to see her gynecologist and talk about it," she said.

She also referred to data from the National Cancer Institute indicating that Hispanics accounted for 3.9 percent of women aged 15-44 who were diagnosed with endometriosis between 2006-10 in the United States.

"We can get institutions and the society at large to recognize this disease, and we'll find answers to all our questions," she added, preparing to resume her journey toward the border. EFESupermoon lunar eclipse in pictures

Stargazers around the world received a treat on Sunday thanks to the rare celestial phenomenon of a blood-red supermoon eclipse. A supermoon occurs when a new or full moon is at its closest to the Earth. Sundays was only the sixth supermoon eclipse since 1900. The next supermoon eclipse will occur in 2033.

James Rogers

FoxNews.com

http://www.foxnews.com/

Port-Of-Spain, Trinidad and Tobago A supermoon is seen in the sky in Port-of-Spain, Sept. 27, 2015. Sky-watchers around the world were treated when the shadow of Earth cast a reddish glow on the moon, the result of rare combination of an eclipse with the closest full moon of the year. (REUTERS/Andrea De Silva) port-of-spain,-trinidad-and-tobago

Sydney, Australia A surfer catches a wave on his board as a super moon rises in the sky off Manly Beach in Sydney, Australia, Sept. 28, 2015. The astronomical event occurs when the moon is closest to the Earth in its orbit, making it appear much larger and brighter than usual. (REUTERS/David Gray) sydney,-australia

Oslo, Norway The total "supermoon" lunar eclipse is seen from Vigeland Park in Oslo, Norway Sept. 28, 2015. (REUTERS/Haakon Mosvold Larsen/NTB Scanpix) oslo,-norway

Malmo, Sweden The supermoon appears above the Turning Torso building during a total lunar eclipse in Malmo, south of Sweden Sept. 28, 2015. (REUTERS/Johan Nilsson/TT News Agency) malmo,-swedenAn inmate assaulted Colorado theater shooter James Holmes and a security officer at the state penitentiary, officials said Friday.

Adrienne Jacobson, a spokeswoman for the Colorado Department Corrections, told The Denver Post that inmate Mark Slim Daniels, 27, lunged at Holmes and took a few shots at him while the officer was escorting Holmes through a hallway on Oct. 8. Holmes was not injured.

It was in passing, she said.

Holmes was in a Management Control Unit, where hes allowed to spend four hours in a day hall. The Denver Post reports Holmes was attacked while the two inmates were passing each other in the hallway.

Jacobson told the Associated Press that Daniels will be disciplined during a hearing inside the Colorado State Penitentiary.

Daniels is serving time for several convictions, including menacing, auto theft, assault and smuggling contraband into prison.

A judge sentenced Holmes to life in prison without parole for killing 12 people and wounding 70 others at a movie theater in Aurora in July 2012.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Denver Post.Maureen O'Hara, the flame-haired Irish movie star who appeared in classics ranging from the grim "How Green Was My Valley" to the uplifting "Miracle on 34th Street" and bantered unforgettably with John Wayne in several films, has died. She was 95.

O'Hara died in her sleep at her home in Boise, Idaho, said Johnny Nicoletti, her longtime manager.

"She passed peacefully surrounded by her loving family as they celebrated her life listening to music from her favorite movie, 'The Quiet Man,'" said a statement from her family.

"As an actress, Maureen O'Hara brought unyielding strength and sudden sensitivity to every role she played. Her characters were feisty and fearless, just as she was in real life. She was also proudly Irish and spent her entire lifetime sharing her heritage and the wonderful culture of the Emerald Isle with the world," said a family biography.

O'Hara came to Hollywood to star in the 1939 "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and went on to a long career.

During her movie heyday, she became known as the Queen of Technicolor because of the camera's love affair with her vivid hair, pale complexion and fiery nature.

But she also had talent.

"I proved there was a bloody good actress in me," she told the British newspaper The Telegraph last year. "It wasn't just my face. I gave bloody good performances."

She never was nominated for a competitive Oscar but received an honorary Academy Award last year.

After her start in Hollywood with "Hunchback" and some minor films at RKO, she was borrowed by 20th Century Fox to play the beautiful young daughter in the 1941 saga of a coal-mining family, "How Green Was My Valley."

"How Green Was My Valley" went on to win five Oscars including best picture and best director for John Ford, beating out Orson Welles and "Citizen Kane" among others. It was the first of several films she made under the direction of Ford, whose grouchy nature seemed to melt in her presence  although he once punched her hard in the jaw at a party.

The popularity of "How Green Was My Valley" confirmed O'Hara's status as a Hollywood star. RKO and Fox shared her contract, and her most successful films were made at Fox.

They included "Miracle on 34th Street," the classic 1947 Christmas story in which O'Hara was little Natalie Wood's skeptical mother and among those charmed by Edmund Gwenn as a man who believed he was Santa Claus.

Other films included the costume drama "The Foxes of Harrow" (Rex Harrison, 1947); the comedy "Sitting Pretty" (Clifton Webb, 1948); and the sports comedy "Father Was a Fullback" (Fred MacMurray, 1949).

Often she sailed the high seas in colorful pirate adventures such as "The Black Swan" with Tyrone Power, "The Spanish Main" with Paul Henreid, "Sinbad the Sailor" with Douglas Fairbanks Jr., and "Against All Flags" with Errol Flynn.

With Ford's "Rio Grande" in 1950, O'Hara became Wayne's favorite leading lady. The most successful of their five films was 1952's "The Quiet Man," also directed by Ford, in which she matched Wayne blow for blow in a classic donnybrook.

In one scene, she recalled, Wayne drags her across a field that he and Ford had covered with sheep dung.

With her Irish spunk, she could stand up to the rugged Duke, both on and off screen. She was proud when he remarked in an interview that he preferred to work with men  "except for Maureen O'Hara; she's a great guy."

"We met through Ford, and we hit it right off," she remarked in 1991. "I adored him, and he loved me. But we were never sweethearts. Never, ever."

O'Hara's other movies with Wayne were "The Wings of Eagles" (1957), "McClintock!" (1963) and "Big Jake" (1971).

After her studio contracts ended, she remained busy. She played the mother of twins, both played by Hayley Mills, who conspire to reunite their divorced parents in the 1961 Disney comedy "The Parent Trap."

She was also in "Spencer's Mountain" with Henry Fonda (1963), a precursor to TV's "The Waltons"; and a Western, "The Rare Breed," with James Stewart (1966).

In 1968, she married her third husband, Brig. Gen. Charles Blair. After "Big Jake," she quit movies to live with him in the Virgin Islands, where he operated Antilles Airboats. After his death in a 1978 plane crash, she ran the company for several years before selling it, making her the first woman president of a scheduled airline in the United States.

"Being married to Charlie Blair and traveling all over the world with him, believe me, was enough for any woman," she said in a 1995 Associated Press interview. "It was the best time of my life."

She returned to movies in 1991 for a role that writer-director Chris Columbus had written especially for her, as John Candy's feisty mother in a sentimental drama, "Only the Lonely." It was not a box-office success.

Over the following decade, she did three TV movies: "The Christmas Box," based on a best-selling book, a perennial holiday attraction; "Cab to Canada," a road picture; and "The Last Dance."

While making "The Christmas Box" in 1995, she admitted that roles for someone her age (75) were scarce: "The older a man gets, the younger the parts that he plays. The older a woman gets, you've got to find parts that are believable. Since I'm not a frail character, it's not that easy."

She played a retired schoolteacher in the 2000 TV movie "The Last Dance."

Maureen FitzSimons (pronounced Fitz-SYM-ons) was born in 1920 near Dublin, Ireland. Her mother was a well-known opera singer, and her father owned a string of soccer teams. Through her father, she learned to love sports; through her mother, she and her five siblings were exposed to the theater.

"My first ambition was to be the No. 1 actress in the world," she recalled in 1999. "And when the whole world bowed at my feet, I would retire in glory and never do anything again."

In her 2004 autobiography, "'Tis Herself,'" O'Hara recalled that a Gypsy told her at the age of 5 that "You will leave Ireland one day and become a very famous woman known all around the world.'"

Maureen was admitted to the training program at Dublin's famed Abbey Theater, where she was a prize student. When word of the beautiful Irish teen reached London, she was offered a screen test, and a friend convinced her reluctant parents to allow it.

Maureen considered the test a failure, but it led to a few small roles in English films. The great actor Charles Laughton, who was producing and starring in films made in England, saw the test and was intrigued by her dancing eyes. At 17 she co-starred opposite him in a pirate yarn, "Jamaica Inn," directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Laughton gave her a more manageable name: O'Hara.

With the onslaught of World War II, filmmaking virtually halted in England. Laughton moved to RKO in Hollywood and starred as Quasimodo in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame," with O'Hara as the beautiful gypsy girl, Esmeralda.

Her first husband was director George Hanley Brown, whom she met while making "Jamaica Inn." When she moved to Hollywood, he remained in England and the marriage was annulled.

In 1941, she married a tall, handsome director, Will Price, and they had a daughter, Bronwyn, in 1944.

"The marriage was a terrible mistake, and we divorced in 1952," she said. She remained unmarried until the wedding to Blair in 1968.

O'Hara's career was threatened by a manufactured scandal in 1957, when Confidential magazine claimed she and a lover engaged in "the hottest show in town" in a back row in Hollywood's Grauman's Chinese Theater.

But at the time, she told AP, "I was making a movie in Spain, and I had the passport to prove it." She testified against the magazine in a criminal libel trial and brought a lawsuit that was settled out of court. The magazine eventually went out of business.

On the screen, O'Hara always played strong, willful women. In a 1991 interview, she was asked if she was the same woman she appeared in movies.

"I do like to get my own way," she said. "But don't think I'm not acting when I'm up there. And don't think I always get my own way. There have been crushing disappointments. But when that happens, I say, 'Find another hill to climb.'"

She is survived by her daughter, Bronwyn FitzSimons of Glengarriff, Ireland; her grandson, Conor FitzSimons of Boise and two great-grandchildren.11 amazing A-10 Warthog images

The future of the A-10 Warthog continues to be hotly debated in Washington following the Air Forces plan to retire the attack jet. Here are some of the most striking images of the iconic close air-support aircraft.

Afghanistan combat mission A U.S. Air Force A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft from Bagram Air Base flies a combat mission over Afghanistan, in this handout photograph taken on June 14, 2009 and obtained on May 20, 2014. (REUTERS/Staff Sgt. Jason Robertson/U.S. Air Force/Handout via Reuters) afghanistan-combat-mission

Four A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft in formation Four A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft from the 111th Fighter Wing, Willow Grove Air Reserve Station in Pennsylvania, fly in formation after taking on fuel near the Pennsylvania-New Jersey border, in this May 25, 2005 photograph obtained on May 20, 2014. (REUTERS/Kenn Mann/U.S. Air Force/Handout) four-a-10-thunderbolt-ii-aircraft-in-formation

Kandahar take-off A U.S.Air Force A-10 Thunderbolt II fighter-jet from the 81st Expeditionary Fighter Squadron takes-off for a mission over Kandahar province, Kandahar Air Field, September 2, 2010. (REUTERS/Oleg Popov) kandahar-take-off

Singapore Airshow manoeuvre A U.S. Air Force (USAF) A-10 Thunderbolt II ground-attack aircraft performs a manoeuvre during the Singapore Airshow February 2, 2010. (REUTERS/Tim Chong) singapore-airshow-manoeuvre

Air Power Day, South Korea The U.S. Air Force A-10 Thunderbolt fires flares during a performance at Air Power Day at the U.S. airbase in Osan, about 37 miles south of Seoul, October 6, 2007. (REUTERS/Han Jae-Ho) air-power-day,-south-korea

Fenway Park flight A-10 fighter jets from the Bradley Air National Guard base in Connecticut fly over Fenway Park durng pre-game ceremonies at the home opener for the Boston Red Sox against the Toronto Blue Jays in Boston, Massachusetts April 11, 2006. (REUTERS/Brian Snyder) fenway-park-flight

Baghdad mission A U.S. A-10 Warthog drops flares to evade anti-aircraft artillery as it

flies over Baghdad April 8, 2003. (REUTERS/Faleh Kheiber) baghdad-mission

Bagram ground crew Staff Sergeant Keith Haas of the US Air Force adjusts equipment on a

A-10 Warthog warplane at Bagram Air Base, north of Kabul April 17,

2002. (REUTERS/Peter Andrews) bagram-ground-crew

Close Air Support mission An Air Force Reserve A-10 Thunderbolt II on another close Air Support

(CAS) mission in support of Operation Enduring Freedom May 20, 2002. (REUTERS/U.S. Air Force/Staff Sgt. Ricky A. Bloom) close-air-support-mission

Operation Enduring Freedom Chris, an A-10 crew chief from the 104th Expeditionary Fighter

Squadron, directs an A-10 toward the runway for a night mission as

part of operation Enduring Freedom in an unspecified location in

Southwest Asia. Handout photo released on Oct. 22, 2001. (REUTERS/U.S. Air Force photo) operation-enduring-freedomSinger Larry Hernandez was jailed Friday in Newberry, South Carolina, to await trial on charges of kidnapping and assault in connection with a dispute over payment for his performance in the town in August.

Hernandez, arrested Sept. 25 in California, will appear in the coming days before a judge to be read the charges against him, which could mean several years in prison if he is found guilty.

The dispute arose over the poor attendance at his concert, the reason why Hernandez was not paid the previously agreed sum of $30,000, but only $14,000.

The alleged victim was Jose Andrade, a friend of the concert promoter who had driven him to a hotel to pay Hernandez and his band.

Hernandez and his associates, according to the police report, told the promoter they would hold Andrade until he returned with the rest of the money.

The singer, 38, is a celebrity in America's Latin music world, and stars in the reality show "Larrymania" on the NBC Universo network.

Last week the singer accepted extradition from California to South Carolina.

Larry Hernandez's attorney has already traveled to the town of Newberry, as have his mother and his partner. EFEFew people enjoy an extended layover at any airport but if youre traveling soon, consider avoiding the worst of the worst.

Travel site SleeinginAirports.net has released its annual ranking of the world's worst airports -- and even broken them down by regions.

This year, Nigeria's Port Harcourt International Airport dethroned Pakistans Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International Airport, as the worst airport in the world.

The travel study surveyed over 26,000 international fliers. Travelers were asked to judge terminals in four categories-- comfort, conveniences, cleanliness and customer service.

Port Harcourt cinched the top worst spot due to its lack of seating, unhelpful staff, consistently broken air-conditioning and allegedly corrupt staff.

But if you happen to be flying through the Omagwa hub, dont despair.

"The good news is that some areas of the terminal have been recently renovated, meaning you can expect actual walls, floors and windows," says the website.

In the U.S., New York's LaGuardia Airport retained its title as the worst airport in North America. Travelers despised the questionable cleanliness, uncomfortable chairs and limited restaurant variety." Of course it just 30 minutes from Manhattan and things are looking upa $4 billion renovation was recently announced.

But a layover in the Big Easy isn't so rosy either. Louis Armstrong International Airport, which didnt even make the top 10 in 2014 came in as the second worst airport in North America.

Here's the full list to see which places to avoid:

Worst airports in the world, 2015

1. Port Harcourt International Airport (Nigeria)

2. King Abdulaziz International Airport (Jeddah, Saudi Arabia)

3. Tribhuvan International Airport (Kathmandu, Nepal)

4. Tashkent International Airport (Uzbekistan)

5. Simon Bolivar International Airport (Caracas, Venezuela)

6. Toussaint Louverture International Airport (Port au Prince, Haiti)

7. Hamid Karzai International Airport (Kabul, Afghanistan)

8. Tan Son Nhat International Airport (Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam)

9. Benazir Bhutto International Airport (Islamabad, Pakistan)

10. Beauvais-Tille International Airport (Paris)

Worst airports North America, 2015

1. New York City LaGuardia International Airport, USA (LGA)

2. New Orleans Louis Armstrong International Airport, USA (MSY)

3. Los Angeles International Airport, USA (LAX)

4. Chicago Midway International Airport, USA (MDW)

5. Newark Liberty International Airport, USA (EWR)

6. Miami International Airport, USA (MIA)

7. Honolulu International Airport, USA (HNL)

8. Philadelphia International Airport, USA (PHL)

9. New York City John F. Kennedy International Airport, USA (JFK)

10. Chicago O'Hare International Airport, USA (ORD)Talk about a big image.

Astronomers in Germany have compiled the largest astronomical image to date, a picture of the Milky Way that contains a whopping 46 billion pixels and was compiled over five years.

The project came together after researchers at Ruhr-Universität Bochum began monitoring our galaxy for the brightest objects  such as stars in front of which a planet is passing, or multiple systems where stars orbit each other and which obscure each other every now and then.

Related: Mystery object appears near Milky Way's monster black hole

Along with discovering some 50,000 new objects, the researchers have compiled hundreds of images during that time.

Related Image Expand / Contract This is a small section of the Milky Way photo showing the M8 nebula. (Credit: Lehrstuhl für Astrophysik, RUB)

They then assembled the 268 images into one comprehensive image. From there, they created a 194 Gigabyte file into which images taken with different filters were entered.

Related: Study: No evidence of advanced alien life in nearby galaxies

Viewers using this online tool can view the complete ribbon of the Milky Way at a glance, or zoom in and inspect specific areas.



NEW ORLEANS (AP) Anthony Davis had 25 points and 13 rebounds and the New Orleans Pelicans beat the Miami Heat 93-90 in the last preseason game for both on Friday night.

Davis gave the Pelicans the lead for good, 84-83, on a 3-pointer with 3:10 left. Eric Gordon added 22 points, including two late free throws.

Gerald Green scored 24 for the Heat, and Chris Bosh had 19.

Pelicans: New Orleans played without six injured players -- centers Omer Asik and Alexis Ajinca, guards Tyreke Evans and Norris Cole and forwards Quincy Pondexter and Luke Babbitt.

Heat: Dwyane Wade had 11 points but hit only 3 of 13 shots, finishing the preseason shooting 35.8 percent. . Green, playing for his eighth NBA team, averaged a Heat-best 17.8 points in the preseason.

Fined: The NBA fined Green $25,000 for making finger guns and throat-slash gestures against the Washington Wizards Wednesday night. Said coach Erik Spoelstra: ''He accepts the responsibility of it and we'll have to move on. The league has a very clear stance on it.''

Up next: The Heat begin the regular season on Wednesday at home against Charlotte. The Pelicans start Tuesday at defending champion Golden State, which swept them in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs.The secret is out  the first-ever Harry Potter play will be a magical sequel.

Producers announced Friday that "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child" will center on an adult Harry and his son Albus Severus. The two-part stage saga begins where Rowling's books ended  19 years after the boy wizard's epic battle with evil Lord Voldemort.

A synopsis says Harry is now an overworked civil servant in the Ministry of Magic, while his youngest son is struggling "with the weight of a family legacy he never wanted."

The play will run in two parts, intended to be seen either on the same day or on consecutive days. It previews from June 7 and opens July 30 at London's Palace Theatre.

Click here to subscribe to FOX411s YouTube channel

The first play about the bespectacled wizard is based on a new story by Rowling, Jack Thorne and John Tiffany.

The script is by Thorne, a stage and screen writer whose work includes vampire story "Let the Right One In." The director is Tiffany, who helmed the critically lauded war play "Black Watch" and multiple Tony Award-winning musical "Once."

Details of the cast have not been announced.

Tickets go on sale Wednesday to buyers who registered online and to the general public on Oct 30. Tickets for the whole two-part show range from 20 pounds ($31) to 130 pounds ($200).

Rowling's seven Harry Potter novels have sold more than 450 million copies around the world and been made into eight successful films.

She has long insisted there will be no new Harry Potter novels, but she has kept fans happy with spin-off works including the magical encyclopedia "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them," which is set to be a film starring Eddie Redmayne.TV Recap: Frank's Lieutenant Gives Him Unacceptable Ultimatum on "Blue Bloods"

[Spoiler alert! The following contains spoilers from "Blue Bloods"]

NYCPD Commissioner Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) always wants to be in control but his special assistant's marital trouble has him walking on eggshells on Friday's episode of "Blue Bloods."

It all starts when police sergeant Trey Delgado (Esai Morales) presents an idea for a new department program to Frank.

While Frank's lieutenant/assistant Sid Gormley (Robert Clohessy) had mentored Delgado, he angrily excuses himself from the meeting.

Click here to subscribe to FOX411s YouTube channel

Frank asks his public information chief Garrett Moore (Gregory Jbara) what gives and Garrett reveals Sid's been sleeping in his office.

Later, Sid confides in Frank that he believes his wife, Sheila, has been having an affair with Delgado.

Sid moans that he had taken Delgado under his wing and he'd betrayed him.

"Either he goes or I do," he fumes to Frank.

The startled police commissioner sternly tells Sid that it's not his job to give ultimatums.

Later, Frank tells Garrett that no one on his staff can say that to him.

However, Frank asks Garrett to quietly investigate what is going on in Sid's marriage.

Garrett tells Frank that Sheila isn't cheating with Delgado but with another cop. Frank refuses to let Garrett tell him the name of the true "other man."

Not knowing he's made a mistake, Sid is determined to confront Delgado, Garrett tells Frank.

Later, at a police gathering, Frank and Garrett tell Sid the truththat Delgado isn't the man having sex with his wife.

Sid asks Frank if he knows who his real love rival is but Frank says nohe'll have to ask Sheila.

Then in a twist, viewers learn Sid apparently isn't the only one who's been cheated on!

Garrett tells Sid, "I was in your shoes a few years back," and adds, referring to Frank, "A man we work with helped mea lot. I'm still married thanks in part to him."

Also on the episode, Frank's detective son Danny (Donnie Wahlberg) and his partner Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez) hunt for two female escaped convicts, Trina Hamilton and Rose Butler.

Danny feels guilty as Rose was someone he'd helped put away who "should never have gone to prison" because she killed her husband after being abused.

Danny said that in letters from prison, she'd begged him to look after her son, Eric.

The detective believes Rose was influenced to escape by her violent cellmate, Trina, who had murdered and dismembered someone in a drug deal gone bad.

Danny vows to Maria that he'll bypass the federal marshals and find Rose himself.

They interview Rose's son Eric, who says she hasn't contacted him, which is quickly proven to be a lie; the escaped convicts had visited his home. Danny arrests Eric.

After Danny gets into a scuffle with the marshal, who knows he's overstepping, Eric tells the detective the women are likely at a drug dealer's den.

Soon, Danny, Maria, and the marshals get into a shootout with Trina and her cohorts at a marijuana labbut although Danny shoots Trina to death, there's no sign of Rose.

Later, Rose calls Danny and reveals she had escaped from Trina and the two meet on an NYC bridge.

Danny promises he will tell everyone she was wrongly convicted, but she pulls a gun on him.

As the marshal moves in, Rose is startled by her son Eric crying out from the patrol car.

Danny grabs Rose's gun and he glares at her as she's taken into custody; still, he plans to help her.

In the episode's final storyline, Assistant District Attorney Erin's (Bridget Moynahan) daughter Nicky (Sami Gayle) is shocked when her college friend Chrissy claims to have been the victim of cyber threats.

Nicky tries to help Chrissy -- who rails against racism, sexism, and income inequality -- by getting her mom and policeman uncle, Jamie, (Wil Estes) to investigate the online stalking.

Chrissy says a fraternity guy must be behind the threats because he calls her a mouthy liberal.

After Chrissy finds nasty messages scrawled on her dorm door, Nicky gets Erin to investigate, who finds outChrissy is the one who made up the harassment and wrote it herself.

At the Reagan Sunday family dinner, Nicky relates how depressed she feels about her friend's lies, and is reluctant to help anyone again.

But Danny, her mom, and Frank urge her not to let this experience destroy her feelings toward others.

Later, Nicky discovers Chrissy in her room lying on the floor after a suicide attempt.

Nicky calls for help, the troubled girl is saved, and at the hospital, Nicky asks why she had lied.

Chrissy apologizes to Nicky and says she just wanted to fix what was wrong in the world.

"Blue Bloods" airs Friday on CBS.Please enable Javascript to watch this video

KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Halloween can be a tough time to get kids to eat healthy snacks because all they seem to want to do is eat candy. Nutrition coach Rene Angevine and her three kids shared a few of their favorite spooktacular alternatives for families.By Paul Bedard, Washington Examiner

The number and rate of firearm murders has hit a new low since the sky-high gun killings during the 1990s, with California topping an FBI list despite having some of the toughest anti-gun laws on the books.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2015 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Privacy - Terms - FAQWhy its worth the trip: Theres great people-watching, whether its surfers (out in force at sunrise) or locals having picnics. Gabriela Herman

Why its worth the trip: Intimate and quiet, with bright-blue water, its the perfect cooldown after visiting the ruins. Cynthia Rosenfeld

Why its worth the trip: The beach itself is lovely, and the area in general is great for kayaking around the limestone islands. James Low, manager, Point Yamu by Como

4.&nbspPlaya Hermosa, outside San Juan del Sur, Nicaragua

iStock

Why its worth the trip: Play surf bum herethe waves are big and beautiful. Then pop into the shack-like Playa Hermosa Beach Hotel for chicken quesadillas. Paul Richardson

View more of the world's most secluded beaches.

More from Conde Nast Traveler

The Best Food Cities in the U.S.

The Strangest Places for Bars and Nightclubs

The Friendliest and Unfriendliest Cities in the U.S.

7 Hotels With Epic PoolsFOX News Headlines 24/7 will provide SiriusXM listeners with around-the-clock original reporting on national news and real-time headlines from the worlds of business, politics, entertainment, sports, social media and more

FOX News anchors Shepard Smith and Bill Hemmer to kick-off launch weeks

NEW YORK  September 30, 2015  Today SiriusXM and FOX News announced that FOX News Headlines 24/7 will launch on October 5th. Broadcast live from FOX News headquarters in midtown Manhattan, the new channel will provide SiriusXM subscribers with real-time headlines on breaking news, national stories, politics, business, entertainment, sports, social media trends, and more. SiriusXM listeners can tune to channel 115 to get all the news they need for their day ahead  24/7/365.

Whether theyre in their car, at work, or on-the-go, SiriusXM listeners will now have constant access to live around-the-clock news, as it happens, in 15 minute cycles. This innovative, first of its kind national news endeavor will be staffed by a committed team of FOX News journalists and contributors who will utilize the networks vast resources across the FOX News platforms to report on what listeners need to know at home and around the globe. Overseen by FOX News Senior Vice President of News Jay Wallace, FOX News Headlines 24/7 will feature constantly updated segments on major news events, business, the latest sports scores and entertainment stories, as well as reports on what topics, personalities and memes are currently trending on major social media platforms.

FOX News anchors Shepard Smith and Bill Hemmer will welcome listeners in the channels opening weeks, bringing their trusted journalism backgrounds to SiriusXM listeners across the country. The first voice to be heard on the new channel will be that of Hemmer, co-anchor of FOX News Channels Americas Newsroom. Hell kick off the days top news stories on FOX News Headlines 24/7 starting at 6:00 am ET. Shepard Smith, anchor of Shepard Smith Reporting and the networks chief news anchor and managing editor for breaking news, will be on at 6:00 pm ET for an hour. Additional FOX News talent will replace Hemmer and Smith after the initial launch of the channel.

In commenting on the announcement, FOX News Chairman & CEO Roger Ailes said, Our goal is to continuously deliver original breaking news product to our viewers. This up-to-the-minute national breaking news channel, combined with SiriusXMs reach, is a natural partnership and extension for the FOX News brand.

Scott Greenstein, President and Chief Content Officer, SiriusXM, added, FOX News Headlines 24/7 is unlike any national news experience youll find on radio. The news never stops, and now SiriusXM listeners can have the very latest information at their fingertips  everything from Hollywood to Wall Street to Main Street  refreshed every 15 minutes, 24/7, 365 days a year. Were thrilled to collaborate with FOX News to deliver this unique experience to SiriusXM subscribers around the country.

FOX News and SiriusXM already broadcast three dedicated satellite radio channels, including: FOX News Channel, featuring an audio simulcast of the most watched cable news network, on channel 114; an audio simulcast of FOX Business Network on channel 113; and FOX News Talk on channel 450, which offers opinion programming from popular FOX News personalities such as Brian Kilmeade, Alan Colmes, John Gibson and Tom Sullivan.

For more information and to try SiriusXM for 30 days, please visit siriusxm.com.

###

About FOX News

Owned by 21st Century Fox, FOX News operates the FOX News Channel (FNC), FOX Business Network (FBN), FOX News Radio, which encompasses FOX News Talk, and FOXNews.com. It also produces FOX News Sunday on FOX Broadcasting Company and FOX News Edge. A top five cable network, FNC has been the most watched news channel in the country for 13 years and according to Public Policy Polling, is the most trusted television news source in the country. FNC is available in more than 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape while routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre.

About SiriusXM

Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI) is the worlds largest radio broadcaster measured by revenue and has 28.4 million subscribers. SiriusXM creates and broadcasts commercial-free music; premier sports talk and live events; comedy; news; exclusive talk and entertainment; and the most comprehensive Latin music, sports and talk programming in radio. SiriusXM is available in vehicles from every major car company in the U.S. and on smartphones and other connected devices as well as online at siriusxm.com. SiriusXM radios and accessories are available from retailers nationwide and at shop.siriusxm.com. SiriusXM also provides premium traffic, weather, data and information services for subscribers in cars, trucks, RVs, boats and aircraft through SiriusXM Traffic, SiriusXM Travel Link, NavTraffic®, NavWeather, SiriusXM Aviation, SiriusXM Marine, Sirius Marine Weather, XMWX Aviation, and XMWX Marine. SiriusXM holds a minority interest in SiriusXM Canada which has more than 2 million subscribers. SiriusXM is also a leading provider of connected vehicles services to major automakers, giving customers access to a suite of safety, security, and convenience services including automatic crash notification, stolen vehicle recovery assistance, enhanced roadside assistance and turn-by-turn navigation.

On social media, join the SiriusXM community on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. To view and download SiriusXM logos and artwork, please visit SiriusXM.com/LogosAndPhotos.

Media Contacts:

Carly Shanahan/FOX News

carly.shanahan@foxnews.com

212.301.3851

Patrick Reilly/SiriusXM

212.901.6646

patrick.reilly@siriusxm.com

Danielle Lynn/SiriusXM

212.584.5329

danielle.lynn@siriusxm.comAlaska's so-called bridge to nowhere, derided by critics as an example of congressional earmarks run amok, appears dead.

State transportation department officials have spurned the idea of building a bridge to connect the southeast Alaska community of Ketchikan to its airport on a neighboring island. Instead, the department is endorsing the continued use of ferries to get people to and from the airport. Construction costs have been estimated at $23 million for such things as upgrading terminals and creating waiting areas for ferry passengers.

From there, officials would monitor traffic and decide if additional ferry service and terminals are warranted as another project, department spokesman Jeremy Woodrow said Friday.

The selected alternative makes the most sense in terms of construction costs and traffic demands, he said.

Woodrow said the state still must finish the environmental review process.

Officials settled on a bridge alternative in 2004. But critics including Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain labeled the project a "bridge to nowhere." In 2007, the department said then-Gov. Sarah Palin directed it to find the most fiscally responsible alternative for access.

Improving access between Ketchikan and its airport on nearby Gravina Island has long been an issue; without a so-called hard link, like a bridge, public access is available by ferry.

Asked if a bridge remained a feasible option, Ketchikan Mayor Lew Williams III said the "financial times have made that decision for us."

"Everybody knows we don't have the money to build a bridge or maintain it or anything like that," he said.

While many in the community still would love to see a bridge, Williams said he doesn't see it happening for a long time, "unless we get some new management back in D.C."

The state-owned airport is operated by the Ketchikan Gateway Borough. The borough has proposed improvements beyond what is included in the department's selected alternative, such as a satellite terminal on the Ketchikan side where people can check their bags and check in for flights and the replacement of an aging, existing ferry.

Borough manager Dan Bockhorst said it was his understanding that state transportation commissioner Marc Luiken, who met with local officials Thursday, would review the borough's proposal.

Woodrow said about $87.8 million remains of the money appropriated for the access project. Bockhorst said he wants it used to improve airport access, rather than having some of the funds diverted perhaps to other state projects.Those states that refused to accept expand Medicare as part of the Obamacare plan are paying a hefty price.

spending by states that refused to expand Medicaid grew by 6.9 percent. Thats pretty close to the historical average. However, spending by states that accepted Medicaid expansion grew by only 3.4 percent.

Obamacare may have increased total Medicaid enrollment and spending, but the feds picked up most of the tab. At the state level, it actually reined in the rate of growth.

In other words, the states that have refused the expansion are cutting off their noses to spite their faces. Theyre actually willing to shell out money just to demonstrate their implacable hatred of Obamacare. How much money? Well, the expansion-refusing states spent $61 billion of their own money on Medicaid in 2014. If that had grown at 3.4 percent instead of 6.9 percent, they would have saved about $2 billion this year.A Florida woman was fatally struck by a big rig truck Friday and for hours afterward her dog remained at the scene, lying down in the road where the accident happened.

Deputies found the victim dead in the street around 6:15 a.m. near a Jacksonville gas station, ActionNewsJax reported. The family identified her as Kelly Black, 42, and told the Fox affiliate she was walking her dog Paco at the time.

Paco, who was uninjured, stayed with Black after she was hit. He remained there, lying in the road with a red bandana around his neck, long after her body had been removed, the station reported.

The station reported that Blacks family took the dog home. The family said the pair were inseparable.

Related Image Expand / Contract Photo shows accident victim Kelly Black (ActionNewsJax)

The operator of the semi-truck was pulling out of the gas station when he apparently struck Black and dragged her more than 30 feet.

The trucker may not have known he hit someone, the Jacksonville Sheriffs Office told Action News.

I dont see how someone could hit her here and drag her all the way out to Beaver Street and not have known it, the victims father G.C. Bostick told the station through tears. I just dont know how Im going to tell her mamma.

Deputies downloaded surveillance video from the gas station and were looking for the trucker.By Todd Starnes, Fox Nation

I'm not too sure what was accomplished during that 11-hour hearing on Benghazi, other than to verify the fact that Hillary Clinton would not know the truth if it was stuffed into a polyester pantsuit.

We now know that her narrative on what happened in Benghazi was a lie - a flat-out lie.

CLICK HERE TO JOIN TODDS AMERICAN DISPATCH  A MUST-READ FOR CONSERVATIVES.

She knew all along that the attack was not the result of a YouTube video. She said so in emails to her daughter and to the Egyptian prime minister.

So she lied to the American people. She even lied to the families of those killed. And yet, the mainstream media portrays Hillary Clinton as some sort of victim of Benghazi. Does anyone really believe this woman has the moral compass to lead the nation?

Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan got to the heart of the matter during his interrogation of the former Secretary of State.

Privately, your story was much different than it was publicly, he said. You said to the Egyptian prime minister, 'We know the attack in Libya had nothing to do with the film. It was a planned attack, not a protest. You said to your family, Terrorists killed two of our good people.

She lied.

For what it's worth, Congressman Trey Gowdy should've invited the families of those killed to interrogate Mrs. Clinton. I'm sure they would be more than willing to tell her what difference it makes.

And finally, a word of advice for Mrs. Clinton: Four Americans are dead, ma'am. So you might want to drop the smirk.

=====================================================================

Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. Sign up for his American Dispatch newsletter, be sure to join his Facebook page, and follow him on Twitter. His latest book is "God Less America."

Guatemalan presidential candidate Sandra Torres, a former first lady who represents the social-democratic National Unity of Hope, or UNE, party, says she wants to attain her nation's highest office primarily to bring down a sky-high poverty rate.

"I want to be the president of the poor. I want to unite the countryside and the city (and) above all work with the poor," the 60-year-old Torres told EFE in an interview.

A total of 53.71 percent of the population of that Central American nation of 15 million inhabitants is regarded as below the poverty line, while 13.33 percent live in extreme poverty.

The country ranks 125th globally on the United Nations' Human Development Index.

A one-time owner of a textile business who was first lady when she was married to Alvaro Colom, Guatemala's president from 2008 to 2011, Torres recalled that she worked then on the need to create "employment, education and social development" opportunities with a view to offering the neediest "a better quality of life."

"The poor are hopeful of a government that shows solidarity with them, and that's what I represent," she stressed.

Torres pledged that if she wins Sunday's runoff against Jimmy Morales - a former comedian and political outsider who is the candidate of the conservative National Convergence Front, or FCN - she would reduce poverty by 1.5 percentage points annually by prioritizing social spending.

She said that would require "political will" and "transparency" and criticized her rival for saying on multiple occasions that he would eliminate social programs.

"He doesn't know about social programs ... he doesn't know the country either," Torres said, adding that to "talk about social programs first you've got to talk about poverty."

To fund that social spending, Torres said she would crack down on tax evasion but also insisted it was not fair or viable to raise taxes at this time.

A poll published Wednesday showed Morales with a big lead in voter preference - 67.9 percent compared to Torres' 32.1 percent.

But the former first lady said that survey was purely urban and did not reflect UNE's strength in the countryside and in Guatemala's poorest areas.

Morales has benefited from voter outrage over corruption in Guatemala, surging in the polls after a massive customs corruption scandal broke that forced the resignations of Vice President Roxana Baldetti in May and then President Otto Perez Molina in September.

Perez Molina and Baldetti, who deny the charges, are in jail awaiting trial.

With neither the UNE or FCN expected to win an outright majority in Guatemala's unicameral legislature, Torres called on all of the country's political forces to come together to "rescue" the country.

She also said that, if elected, half of her Cabinet would be made up of women. EFEUh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

Search(CNN) Louisiana Chef Paul Prudhomme, credited with helping popularize Cajun and Creole cuisine, died Thursday, according to K-Paul's, the New Orleans restaurant he owned.

Prudhomme, who was 75, died in New Orleans after a brief illness, the restaurant said.

"Paul was the one who not only put Louisiana food, our food, Cajun and Creole food, on the map, but he was also the one who started the American food revolution that flourishes today," Poppy Tooker, host of the "Louisiana Eats!" radio show, told CNN.

His 1975 appointment as executive chef at the upscale New Orleans restaurant Commander's Palace helped break the assumption that a fine-dining restaurant had to have a French chef, Tooker said.

His upbringing as one of 13 children born to Louisiana sharecroppers also helped shape an approach to cooking that favored fresh, local ingredients and grew into the wildly popular farm-to-table movement of recent years, Tooker said.

Prudhomme was one of the nation's first celebrity chefs, and his restaurants attracted huge crowds and widespread acclaim. He hosted several cooking shows and authored nine cookbooks, some of them bestsellers.

His recipe for blackened redfish, first served at K-Paul's, became so popular state fisheries officials had to impose limits to save the species from overfishing, Tooker said. He also created and marketed a successful line of seasonings sold in groceries nationwide.

James Beard Award-winning chef Thomas Keller tweeted that Prudhomme will be "sorely missed."

Chef #PaulPrudhomme you brought creole cuisine to life and will be deeply missed.  Thomas Keller (@Chef_Keller) October 8, 2015

New Orleans Times-Picayune food editor Judy Walker called Prudhomme a "legend" who "changed New Orleans food forever."

Commander's Palace, the well-regarded New Orleans restaurant where Prudhomme was executive chef before opening K-Paul's in 1979, tweeted that its staff was saddened by the news.

"He was well loved," the restaurant said.

We're very saddened to hear. He was well loved. http://t.co/aV4yaYh7dU  Commander's Palace (@Commanders_NOLA) October 8, 2015

Fellow New Orleans chef Isaac Toups' restaurant also posted condolences, saying, "We lost a culinary legend today."

People we've lost in 201517 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Anxiety Whitewash No.5" by Lin Yun  The 7th edition of Asia Contemporary Art Show, is an exhibition focused on celebrating the work of established artists -- while granting exposure to newer names in the industry. Show director Mark Saunderson describes Chinese artist Lin Yun as "a newcomer, and a perfect fit for a younger buyer." A collection of 5 of Lin Yun's wood paintings, titled "Anxiety Whitewash," will be on sale, priced between $600 to $1,500.

Hide Caption 1 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Threads of Blood" by Zhang Xiaogang  Above is the work of Zhang Xiaogang, a famous Chinese artist whose works will be on show. His "Big Family" series, which offers a surreal take on family portraits during China's Cultural Revolution, includes pieces that are valued at over $10 million. Hide Caption 2 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Untitled" by Pang Yongjie  Chinese artist Pang Yongjie is gaining international recognition for his works. Although his collection is still growing, he is described by Asia Contemporary Art Show as a "leading Chinese artist who has championed China's post-contemporary abstract movement," and has established a dedicated following and fan base. "He has a distinct style and approach to his canvas," Saunderson explains. "Yet, he is still young enough to be considered an emerging artist."

Hide Caption 3 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Beijing Girl" by Zhang Xiangming  Chinese artist Zhang Xiangming has established his signature through his "Beijing Girl" series, which is built using oil on canvas. Having first broken into the art world as recently as 2007, Zhang Xiangming is an example of a young artist to watch out for. Hide Caption 4 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show There are four pieces by Zhang Xiangming available at the Asia Contemporary Art Show. All of them are part of his "Beijing Girl" series. Hide Caption 5 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Flyaway" by Irene Hoff  Dutch artist Irene Hoff is currently based in Indonesia, and her work takes inspiration from several cities in Southeast Asia that she has previously lived in, including Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur and Hong Kong. Her work is also threaded with hints of her western heritage, often adding small motifs or passport stamps within her collages that pay tribute to her home in Amsterdam. Hide Caption 6 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "River Bank" by Du Haijun  Another name that Saunderson highlights is Chinese artist, Du Haijun. According to Saunderson, Haijun has gained significant recognition in China for his ability to "re-imagine a cityscape -- it takes you through a window and creates this distinction between the outer world and the inner world." Hide Caption 7 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Tree Bark" by Bobo Po  One of the newest names at this year's Asia Contemporary Art Show is Bobo Po -- a Hong Kong-based artist who has only been working in the industry for 3 years. This work "Tree Bark," is valued at $5,000. Hide Caption 8 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Hong Kong Rising" Jeff Murray  The Asia Contemporary Art Show also joined forces with British artist, Jeff Murray, and commissioned work that reinterprets the Hong Kong skyline using Murray's signature ink work technique. This piece, according to Murray, showcases the "vibrant urban jungle" and greenery hidden behind the Asian city's man-made skyline.

Hide Caption 9 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Ensemble Soul la Pluie" by Jean Michel Garczynski  Another international artist is Jean Michel Garczynski. Garczynski's creative experience began in advertising design, but it is the "abstract nature" or his mixed media art that is, according to Saunderson, the most appealing element of his work. Although Garczynski has been building his name in the industry for more than 15 years, this will be his first entry into the Hong Kong market.

Hide Caption 10 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Above Aberdeen" by Martin Lever  Mark Saunderson selects Martin Lever as one of his personal favorites. Lever is a Hong Kong-based artist who is showing his work at an exhibition of this scale for the first time. Lever's work offers a new perspective of famous Hong Kong landscapes by portraying them through an aerial view. "Above Aberdeen" is an example of this, and shows the historic Aberdeen Harbour in Hong Kong from a new vantage point. "Although it's abstract, there's still a strong sense of familiarity," explains Saunderson.

Hide Caption 11 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Poet's Tea Set" by Hong Haochang  A Chinese artist working primarily with oil on canvas, Hong Haochang's works pay particular attention to the history and culture of Chinese art. Saunderson highlights Hong as a "career artist," or someone, he explains, "who is fully committed to building his craft and signature." Saunderson says these "career artists" are important for new collectors to consider when selecting their first investment, due to their growing presence in the art world.

Hide Caption 12 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Horse" by Dragon Ken  Hong Kong-based artist Dragon Ken may be a relatively young artist, but his work has garnered a fan base across Asia, with over 60 different awards to his name. "Graphically, his work is whimsical and engaging," says Mark Saunderson, the show's curator and director. "He's an interesting artist to watch, especially for younger buyers, with whom his work will really resonate."

Hide Caption 13 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Untitled 10" by Moon Shin  Sculptures are particularly interesting for Saunderson, as he notes that they are not as widely represented as paintings or photography. This artist, Moon Shin, is a Korean artist who has gained quite a lot of traction in his hometown but will be exhibiting his work in Hong Kong for the first time. "The use of materials particularly resonated with the selection committee, because he creates these sculptures and forms primarily using bronze," Saunderson explains.

Hide Caption 14 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Avec L'espace" by Lee Ufan  Saunderson selects Korean artist Lee Ufan as an example of a well established artist, and says he is a must-see for serious collectors. "He's mature enough as an artist that there's now editions of his original work as well."

Hide Caption 15 of 17

17 photos: Highlights from Asia Contemporary Art Show "Little Stories" by Petr Mavshov  Saunderson explains that the show is not just limited to featuring Asian talent, but is committed to exhibit international talent, as long as the artist and their technique is of interest to the market. Petr Mavshov, for example, is an artist from Russia who will be exhibiting a series of sculptures at the show.

Hide Caption 16 of 17Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

SearchBy Barbara Starr, Jim Sciutto and Ray Sanchez, CNN

The Pentagon identified Friday the U.S. Army soldier who died as part of a rescue mission in Northern Iraq earlier this week as Master Sgt. Joshua L. Wheeler, of Roland, Oklahoma.In April, amateur photographer Devin Allen started sharing his striking black and white photos of Baltimore protests on Instagram.

One photo made the cover of Time Magazine, another was shared by Rihanna. But many of Instagram's 300 million users had no idea something remarkable was happening outside the bubble of their news feeds.

On Tuesday, Instagram overhauled its neglected Explore tab and updated its search feature to highlight real-time events.

The new Explore screen shows a list of trending tags for current hot topics like the confederate flag, along with the made-up holidays popular on social media like National Pink Day, Olympic Day, and Stick Your Tongue Out Tuesday (all today). Human-organized Collections group together photos and accounts by themes, like NBA athletes and ancient ruins. For now, these updates are only available in the U.S.

Related: Don't ditch that BlackBerry yet!

It also tweaked the Search feature for everyone in the world, adding the ability to look up photos by location.

Facebook-owned Instagram is the latest company to try and wrangle its unruly amount of content so it's easier for people to follow live events.

Twitter (TWTR, Tech30) is the go-to social network for breaking news, but its reverse-chronological feed can be overwhelming and it's difficult for new users to know where to start or who to follow. The company is working on a similar solution for highlighting real-time content, called Project Lightning, though it won't be available until later this year.

Facebook (FB, Tech30) is the most heavily curated option, and is constantly changing the algorithms that control News Feed. It does so much meddling that often, instead of showing timely news, it displays posts about breaking news a day late.

Instagram is unique in that it revolves around photos and videos. For the stories with a huge visual impact -- protests, concerts, wildfires, weather, natural disasters -- Instagram is a powerful way to see what's happening.

It just needs to get people to look beyond the dogs, baby's first steps and flawless soufflés that fill their main feed every day.

Related: Charging your phone will soon be a theme of the pastWhen a cruise ship makes news, it's usually not for good reasons.

A boat stranded at sea. A tragic accident. The outbreak of a nasty communicable disease.

But guess what? None of these horror stories have scared away consumers. For many, a cruise is a fun -- and affordable -- vacation.

And business is absolutely booming for the major cruise companies.

Royal Caribbean (RCL) reported profits that topped Wall Street's forecasts on Friday. The stock rose 3% to an all-time high on the news.

Shares of rival Norwegian Cruise Line (NCLH) also hit a record Friday while Carnival (CCL) was up to a nearly 10-year high.

Both companies, like Royal Caribbean, are expected to post strong increases in profits this year and next.

Related: You can sail around the world ... for $55,000

Unsurprisingly, the huge drop in oil prices has helped the industry, much like airlines.

Royal Caribbean said Friday that fuel costs in the third quarter were down more than 13% from the same period a year ago. The company has saved more than $110 million on fuel so far in 2015.

But the cruise companies aren't doing well just because of lower expenses. Demand is strong. And consumers are more than willing to spend once they are on the ship too.

Royal Caribbean's passenger ticket revenue rose 5% in the third quarter from a year ago. That's a testament to both an increase in travelers (nearly 80,000 passengers more than a year ago) as well as higher prices, particularly in the Caribbean.

But what's more impressive is the nearly 8% increase in what Royal Caribbean calls "onboard and other revenues."

In other words, consumers spent more at gift shops on the boat as well as food, beverages and the company's VOOM high-speed Internet service. (Because heaven forbid we truly disconnect, even when out in the middle of the ocean.)

Ivan Feinseth, travel industry analyst with Tigress Financial Partners, thinks it will continue to be smooth sailing for the industry for the foreseeable future.

He said that lower gas prices also encourage travelers to splurge once they are on the boat.

"Cruises, because of their all-inclusive nature, represent the best travel value for your dollar," he said. "And the gas dividend is helping too. Consumers have more money in their pockets and don't mind spending on vacation."

Feinseth added that the industry is set to cash in by expanding in China as well.

Related: Carnival could set sail to Cuba next year

Cuba will also be a big opportunity now that diplomatic ties between the U.S. and the island nation have been restored.

Carnival has already gotten approval from the Treasury Department to run "cultural" cruises starting next spring.

American travelers are still prohibited from going to Cuba for purely tourist reasons.

Norwegian, whose CEO Frank Del Rio was born in Cuba, has applied for a license as well. And Royal Caribbean has expressed interest in eventually having ships go to Cuba.

Feinseth said that Royal Caribbean and Norwegian will probably continue to do better than Carnival, which has an older fleet of ships and has had more high-profile problems in the past few years.

Carnival's new ship Vista doesn't launch until next year.

Meanwhile, Royal Caribbean's Anthem of the Seas hit the waves earlier this year. And Norwegian's Escape starts sailing next month.

But all three cruise stocks have outperformed the broader market by a wide margin this year.

It just goes to show that the occasional bout of bad publicity (and norovirus) hasn't really hurt the industry.

Apparently, most consumers disagree with the late author David Foster Wallace. A cruise is a supposedly fun thing that they will do again.

Related: Delta sees cheaper fares ahead

Related: Sky taxis are about to become a reality12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art A city of 60,000 people rises from the dust each summer when the Burning Man festival starts. Photographer NK Guy's new book " The Art of Burning Man" (published by Taschen) charts 16 years of the festival's art, including "Embrace" (shown here) by Kevan Christiaens, Kelsey Owens, Bill Tubman, Joe Olivier, Matt Schultz and the Pier Group (2014). Hide Caption 1 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art "For some people it's a big party, for others, (a chance) to work with a community of friends to build a massive project you could never do by yourself," says Guy. "For some it's a spiritual experience, for some it's the biggest brashest loudest rave you've ever seen. For some it's a chance to explore aspects of your personality and life you could never do at home. For others a chance to push yourself in ways you never knew you could."

Hide Caption 2 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art Structures such as "The Temple of Transition" by David Best and the Temple Crew (2011) rise up in the desert for a week's time. Hide Caption 3 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art When Guy first attended Burning Man in 1998, "I wasn't prepared for what a vast bustling city of art and experience I'd find. It was like visiting a foreign country that you'd seen on a postcard -- nothing quite prepares you for the experience of immersion in such a culture." Hide Caption 4 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art "It's like being transported to an alien planet, or walking onto a movie set when nobody is filming," says Guy. Shown here is "CS (Clock Ship) Tere" by Andy Tibbetts (2013). Hide Caption 5 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art Guy's Burning Man photography started as "a desire to capture and interpret the incredible sights around me to help me process it, really." "Pier 2" by Kevan Christiaens, Matt Schultz and the Pier Group (2012) is shown here. Hide Caption 6 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art "The most powerful group of works would be the yearly temples (first created by David Best) that are constructed in the desert," says Guy. "They've become a secular sacred space, where people can gather to grieve and experience loss of any kind." "The Temple of Joy" by David Best and the Temple Crew (2002) is shown here. Hide Caption 7 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art Burning Man has given Guy "a sense of what teams of volunteers, guided by a common vision and goal, can accomplish. All without the usual structures of hierarchy, money, government, religious institutions, or corporations." "Remains of the Man" by Burning Man arts festival participant Kaspian (2013) is shown here. Hide Caption 8 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art "Art is central to the event," says Guy, "from the very first Burning Man figure to the vast plain of installations that characterizes them even today." "Man Burn" by Larry Harvey, Jerry James, Dan Miller, the ManKrew, Lewis Zaumeyer and Andrew Johnstone (2013) is shown here. Hide Caption 9 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art "The two-lane road that winds its way north across the desert isn't any wider today than it was 16 years ago. And this has put a fixed limit on the number of people that can reasonably be accommodated," says Guy. "Black Rock City" city plan by Rod Garrett (2011) is shown here. Hide Caption 10 of 12

12 photos: 16 years of Burning Man art No matter how popular Burning Man becomes, Guy says some things don't change. "The dust, the vast scale of the desert against which we're all incomprehensibly small creatures, the gatherings of friends, the sense of open invitation to be who you want to be -- that's always part of Burning Man." "El Pulpo Mecanico" was created by Duane Flatmo and Jerry Kunkel (2014). Hide Caption 11 of 12Story highlights Underage drinkers are 5 times more likely to consume brands that advertised on TV

Teens are 35% more likely to drink brands they saw advertised in magazines

(CNN) Ads for alcoholic beverages lure teens to imbibe, in spite of laws prohibiting them from doing so until they are 21. And when they do reach for that drink, they are more likely to opt for one they saw flashed on TV or in magazines, according to researchers who studied what brands teens are consuming.

Underage drinkers are five times more likely to consume alcohol brands that advertised on national television, and 36% more likely to consume brands that advertised in magazines, according to a study published in the American Journal of Drug and Alcohol Abuse this month.

Researchers looked at the relationship between advertising and alcohol consumption using a national survey of brand preferences among 1,031 underage drinkers from December 2011 to May 2012. They found that advertising exposure to specific brands of alcohol could contribute to brand-specific alcohol consumption among underage drinkers.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that alcohol is the most commonly used and abused drug among youth in the United States, and is responsible for more than 4,300 deaths per year among underage drinkers.

In a statement in response to the study, Lisa Hawkins, vice president for Distilled Spirits Council, said: "According to the federal data, underage drinking is at historic lows, yet advertising and marketing are at all-time highs. This real-world data further supports the overwhelming body of research concluding that advertising does not cause someone to begin drinking alcohol or to drink more. Government research shows the vast majority of underage drinkers do not purchase their own alcohol, but rather 'obtain' it from parents and other legal-age adults. Therefore, this survey reflects the brand choices of the adults of legal purchase age and nothing more."

Read More18 photos: A year in space NASA astronaut Scott Kelly watches fresh carrots float in front of him on the International Space Station on Sunday, April 19. Scott is taking part in a one-year mission to test how the human body reacts to an extended time in space. Hide Caption 1 of 18

18 photos: A year in space The northern lights are visible from the International Space Station on Saturday, April 18. Hide Caption 2 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Kelly posted this image of himself and Samantha Cristoforetti after the successful capture of the SpaceX Dragon spacecraft with the space station's robotic arm on April 17. The SpaceX Dragon brought cargo to support the science and research missions. Hide Caption 3 of 18

18 photos: A year in space A Soyuz TMA-16M spacecraft approaches the International Space Station on March 27. The spacecraft was carrying Kelly and Russian cosmonauts Gennady Padalka and Mikhail Kornienko. Kelly and Kornienko will spend a year in space. Padalka will stay for six months. Hide Caption 4 of 18

18 photos: A year in space The Soyuz TMA-16M spacecraft launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on March 27. Hide Caption 5 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Kelly gives the thumbs-up before launch on March 27. Hide Caption 6 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Kornienko tests his spacesuit as Kelly and Padalka wait their turn on March 27. Hide Caption 7 of 18

18 photos: A year in space From left, Kelly, Padalka and Kornienko pose after a news conference at the Baikonur Cosmodrome on Thursday, March 26. Hide Caption 8 of 18

18 photos: A year in space The spacecraft is raised into the vertical position shortly after arriving on the launch pad Wednesday, March 25. Hide Caption 9 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Padalka gets his hair cut in the Cosmonaut Hotel in Baikonur, Kazakhstan, on March 25. Hide Caption 10 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Security personnel stand guard as the Soyuz spacecraft is rolled out by train to the launch pad on March 25. The mission is a first for NASA, but not for Russia. Between 1987 and 1995, four cosmonauts spent a year or more in space. Hide Caption 11 of 18

18 photos: A year in space The Soyuz spacecraft is seen during its journey to the launch pad on March 25. Hide Caption 12 of 18

18 photos: A year in space The crew and backup crew members talk to officials before their final check of the spacecraft on Monday, March 23. Hide Caption 13 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Kelly climbs the stairs to enter the spacecraft during the final check on March 23. Hide Caption 14 of 18

18 photos: A year in space The spacecraft is seen on Friday, March 20, after being lowered into position for encapsulation. Hide Caption 15 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Kelly plays pool with Kornienko at the Cosmonaut Hotel on Thursday, March 19. Hide Caption 16 of 18

18 photos: A year in space Kelly is seen inside a Soyuz simulator at the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in Star City, Russia, on Thursday, March 5. Hide Caption 17 of 18Story highlights Government says donors gave $187 million over four years to support luxury lifestyles, private fundraisers

Donated funds used for luxury cruises, trips to Las Vegas, shopping

FTC and 50 state regulators say charities committed nationwide fraud

Washington (CNN) In a rare joint action with attorneys general for each of the 50 states, the Federal Trade Commission says four cancer charities run by extended members of the same family conned donors out of $187 million from 2008 through 2012 and spent almost nothing to help actual cancer patients.

JUST WATCHED Federal Trade Commission: Four cancer charities a sham Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Federal Trade Commission: Four cancer charities a sham 01:02

Each of the charities charged were the subject of extensive reporting by CNN in 2013. And in each instance, none of the four charities would comment. We were ordered out of the building at the Cancer Fund of America in Knoxville, Tennessee, and were the object of an obscene gesture by the CEO of The Breast Cancer Society in Mesa, Arizona.

CNN Investigations Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com.

The Cancer Fund of America is run by James Reynolds Sr. His son James Reynolds Jr. is the CEO of the Breast Cancer Society. Another charity, the Children's Cancer Fund of America, is run by Rose Perkins, the ex-wife of the elder James Reynolds. He's also the CEO of the fourth charity, Cancer Support Services.

The government says the charities claimed to provide direct support for cancer patients, breast cancer patients and children with cancer.

"These were lies," the government's complaint says.

Read MoreWant to spot red-hot startups faster than anyone else? Mine Twitter.

It's a trick that CB Insights, a data and research firm, has figured out. And in May, it launched a tool to flag the startups that are rising the fastest.

The tool currently tracks and ranks 300,000 startups (mostly in the tech space) across key Twitter metrics like engagement (tweets, retweets, favorites), follower growth and mentions.

The Twitter tool is part of CB Insights' premium subscription service, which costs $39,000 annually. CB Insights cofounder Anand Sanwal said it already has 300 users.

At its core, the tool helps subscribers identify hot startups they might want to partner with or invest in.

If a startup is getting mentioned a lot on Twitter, or if a lot of people are engaging with its brand, it's a strong indication that something good is happening with that company, said Sanwal.

CB Insights also tracks a startup's funding, which is integrated into the tool.

"You can say, show me NYC companies who've raised less than $5 million who are in the top 25% of Twitter follower growth," said Sanwal.

Related: U.S. scientists use Twitter to track earthquakes

But Sanwal said there are also ways to cheat on Twitter (TWTR, Tech30), which is why the tool also tracks engagement.

"If there's a jump in followers but no engagement, it might mean that the brand is buying followers," he said.

So CB Insights can also do a separate "sentiment" analysis of tweets to see if people are tweeting positively or negatively about the brand.

Related: Where $98 billion in VC funding is going

Using the tool, CB Insights flagged a few startups that are currently bubbling up on Twitter.

theSkimm, Blendle and 9gag all are in the top 5% for engagement among the startups CB Insights tracks.

New York-based theSkimm is a daily newsletter that's geared toward busy young professionals -- largely women. It's raised over $7 million and is among Oprah's favorite things.

Hong Kong-based 9gag, with an impressive 5.6 million Twitter followers, is a humor site that offers ad-free user-generated content. Dutch company Blendle lets readers pay for individual articles from places like The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and The Washington Post instead of a monthly subscription.

Mophie and uBeam were also some of the startups that users most engaged with on Twitter.

uBeam has developed technology that lets people charge their smartphones without having to plug them into a power outlet. The startup, led by 25-year-old Meredith Perry, has raised $23 million from investors like Andreessen Horowitz and Mark Cuban.

Mophie, meanwhile makes smartphone battery cases. The brand attracted a lot of attention for its Super Bowl ad this year in which God's phone dies.

Rounding out the list are Seattle-based Moment, which makes high-quality photo lenses that attach to smartphones, and wearable tech firm Ringly. The New York-based firm makes rings that light up and vibrate to notify wearers about things like an incoming call or an Uber ride.Story highlights A Baltimore couple welcomed rare identical triplets -- three boys -- this month

The odds of "spontaneous" identical triplet births are at least one in a million

(CNN) When Kristen and Thomas Hewitt of Baltimore were expecting their first child this year, they went in for a sonogram.

The technician looked at the screen and got very quiet.

"So to break the silence, I jokingly said, 'So, is there more than one in there?' " Tom Hewitt said. "The technician then said, 'Yes,' and then I asked, 'Is there more than two?' and again she said, 'Yes, actually, there are three.'

"Kristen and I then looked at each other with pure joy and shock."

On October 6, the Hewitts welcomed rare identical triplets at the Greater Baltimore Medical Center. Born first was Thomas III, a.k.a. Trip, who weighed in at 4 pounds, 3 ounces. He was followed by Finnegan "Finn" James (3 pounds, 6 ounces) and then Oliver "Ollie" Dean (3 pounds, 12 ounces).

Read MoreStory highlights The lush side of lobbying is on display at luxury resorts

Congressmen and senators host weekend retreats to taste wine, fish, play golf

Lobbyists accept the exclusive invitations -- and then make political donations

They say there's no better access to politicians and their staffs

On any given weekend, lobbyists in Washington head for the airport to jet off to luxurious locations across the country.

Destinations include Napa Valley in California for wine tasting, Wyoming for fly fishing and any number of spas, golf courses, even exclusive hunting trips.

They are invited to these weekend retreats by members of Congress and their political action committees.

The cost of accepting the invite is a political donation of anywhere from $1,500 to $5,000. And that doesn't include the cost of travel and lodging at some of the most posh resorts in the United States.

Why go? Lobbyists tell CNN there is no better access to a member of Congress and his or her top staff than spending a relaxing weekend with them, away from Capitol Hill.

Rep. Duncan Hunter hosted a cocktail party as the sun set over the Pacific.

It used to be that lobbyists would take politicians on trips, but when rules were changed and that was outlawed, politicians and their fund-raisers came up with this variation -- organize the trips and invite the lobbyists along to pay for them.

This past August, CNN followed U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-California, to a lush weekend retreat at the Montage Laguna Beach resort. The weekend was capped off by a seaside cocktail party hosted by the congressman as the sun set over the Pacific.

In early September, U.S. Sen. Ben Cardin, D-Maryland, hosted a golf weekend at the Inn at Perry Cabin, a posh resort on the banks of Chesapeake Bay. A Friday night terrace cocktail party included a special appearance by fellow Maryland lawmaker U.S. Rep. Steny Hoyer, D-Maryland, who was one of the first on the links the next morning.

Both Cardin and Hunter declined interview requests.

Hunter's aide told us: "The congressman holds events of all types in many different venues and either people choose to support him or they don't, simple as that."

Cardin's communications director, Sue Walitsky, sent an email explaining that the fund-raiser at the Inn at Perry Cabin was for the senator's leadership PAC, "so none of the funds raised went to support his personal campaign."

Sen. Ben Cardin welcomed paying guests to the Inn at Perry Cabin, overlooking Chesapeake Bay.

She went on to say the weekend also provided the senator "an opportunity to show off one of the many beautiful locations in his home state."

Want to travel in congressional style? Here's a list of some recent and upcoming trips and their sponsors, compiled by the Sunlight Foundation. All you need is an invite and your checkbook.

Beach retreat:

Dorado Beach, Puerto Rico, at the Ritz-Carlton Reserve, Sen. Bob Menendez, D-New Jersey, October 22-23, 2014 Beach weekend: Kiawah Island, South Carolilna, at The Sanctuary, Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Missouri, October 24-26, 2014

Kiawah Island, South Carolilna, at The Sanctuary, Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Missouri, October 24-26, 2014 Fourth annual Disney weekend:

Orlando, at the Four Seasons Resort, Sen. David Vitter, R-Louisiana, November 7-9, 2014 Golf/spa weekend:

White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, at The Greenbrier, Sen. Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, November 14-16, 2014 Ski weekend:

Deer Valley, Utah, Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, December 6, 2014 Ski weekend: Jackson Hole, Wyoming, Sen. John Barasso, R-Wyoming, February 20-21, 2015

For a complete list of all fund-raisers, check out the list at the Sunlight Foundation's Politicalpartytime.org.Story highlights Recent research suggests that processed foods that are high in added sugar and fat can be addictive

Pizza, chips and chocolate are among the foods that people said were hard to stop eating

(CNN) Pizza, French fries and ice cream may be the kinds of foods many of us love to indulge in after a night of drinking. But research earlier this year suggests we can actually have benders on these foods all by themselves, and it may even be a sign of an addiction.

Researchers have wondered whether we can become addicted to food for more than a century. There have been reports of people losing control over how much they eat, and experiencing withdrawal when they are cut off, just like with drug and alcohol addiction. By now, many agree that food addiction can be a real problem for at least some types of foods.

For the first time, a team of researchers looked at exactly which types of foods could be the most addictive. They asked a group of 120 undergraduates at the University of Michigan, and another group of nearly 400 adults, about 35 different types of food -- from pizza to broccoli -- and whether they think they could have problems controlling how much they ate of each one. Eighteen of the items were processed foods, meaning they contained added sugars and fats.

Topping the list were pizza, chocolate, chips, cookies, ice cream, French fries, cake and soda, all considered processed foods. They were followed by cheese and bacon -- both unprocessed foods, but high in fat and salt.

Step away from the burger: Why a 'Western' diet is bad for your health

Read MoreStory highlights Patricia makes landfall south of Puerto Vallarta

15,000 tourists evacuated, Mexican official says

Some guests riding out the storm in hotel shelters

(CNN) Travelers visiting Puerto Vallarta and other vacation spots on Mexico's Pacific coast evacuated or sought shelter Friday before Hurricane Patricia -- the strongest hurricane ever recorded -- made landfall.

About 15,000 foreign and domestic tourists were moved to shelters in Jalisco state, said Jose Maria Tapia, director general of the National Disaster Prevention Center. The storm made landfall about 7:15 p.m., Mexico's National Water Commission said in a tweet.

One of the American tourists to hunker down in Puerto Vallarta was Brad Powles, who was vacationing with his partner of six years at the Grand Velas Riviera Nayarit.

They received a stark warning from hotel management about what to expect during the storm: "Once in the shelter you are not anymore considered a guest. ... (S)ervices will be very basic," the hotel's note reads in part.

Guests prepare for the hurricane at the Grand Velas Riviera Nayarit hotel.

He went to the hotel shelter on the first floor and tweeted some of his experiences, saying the doors were locked and barred, which was unnerving but necessary. Later the hotel staff served dinner. He was inside the shelter when news came that the storm hit land south of Puerto Vallarta.

Read MoreAndrew Cohen is a best-selling author and journalist who writes a nationally syndicated column for The Ottawa Citizen. His latest book, is " Two Days in June: John F. Kennedy and the 48 Hours that Made History " (Signal/Random House). The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

Ottawa, Canada (CNN) The story of the general election in Canada that catapulted the Liberal Party back into power after its near-death decade in exile is the unlikely story of Justin Trudeau, Canada's Prime Minister-elect.

The charismatic son of Pierre Elliott Trudeau, the iconic leader of Canada from 1968 to 1984, Justin Trudeau spent his first 12 years at 24 Sussex Drive, the official residence of the Prime Minister. He taught mathematics and English before entering politics and was elected to parliament from Montreal in 2008. Like his father, he skis, boxes and canoes.

Now 43, the same age John F. Kennedy became president, he is Canada's second-youngest prime minister. His astounding success follows the longest national campaign since 1872 in which Canadians routed the ruling Conservatives, ending a divisive decade in power while embracing a Liberal Party which was thought to be in free fall.

For the Conservatives, led by the dour Stephen Harper, it is a stunning rebuke. For the Liberals, led by the sunny Trudeau, it is a stunning reversal. And for Canada, it is a return to a familiar past in politics and personality, after 10 years of a modestly right-of-center government in a modestly left-of-center country.

JUST WATCHED Who is Justin Trudeau Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Who is Justin Trudeau 01:43

It was anything but a sure thing. At the beginning of the campaign, Trudeau's popularity was falling. The Conservatives had launched a multimillion-dollar negative advertising campaign that claimed he was "just not ready."

The point was to portray the youthful Trudeau, who once had an unruly haircut, as an amateur, callow and hollow. While former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney warned his fellow Conservatives not to underestimate him, a senior Conservative said expectations were so low of Trudeau that he would only have to arrive at the first of the leaders' debates "with his pants on."

Trudeau not only showed up fully clothed, he excelled in all the debates over the 78-day campaign. Turning the negative ads to his advantage, Trudeau declared in television commercials of his own that he was "not ready" for another four years of the Conservatives.

Nor were Canadians. In defeating the government, they made another Trudeau prime minister, renewing a succession as dynastic as a Bush or Clinton ascending to the presidency. They also returned political power in Canada to an exclusive two-party affair between the Liberals and Conservatives.

JUST WATCHED Canada votes for first new leader in 10 years Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Canada votes for first new leader in 10 years 01:06

Canadians rejected a campaign of Conservative fear-mongering, which suggested that Syrian refugees were terrorists, that the wearing of the Niqab by Muslim women was a threat to Canadian values, and that the economy would fall into recession under the Liberals.

Canadians ignored that. Instead, decisively and enthusiastically, they returned to a Liberal Canada that promises to be more moderate, confident, tolerant and ambitious.

Although polls had shown the Liberals pulling ahead in the last week, few predicted the scale of their victory. It was crushing. They won every seat in the four provinces of Atlantic Canada, more than half the seats in French-speaking Quebec and more than two-thirds of the seats in diverse, industrial Ontario. They won all the northern seats, as well as many in Western Canada, where the Liberals are traditionally weak.

In Calgary, the heart of conservative, oil-rich Alberta, they won their first seats since 1968. In British Columbia, on the West Coast, the party won its most seats in 40 years.

In Canada's new Parliament of 338 seats, the Liberals will have 184 seats, the Conservatives 99, the New Democratic Party 44. The rest are divided among the Green Party and the secessionist Bloc Québécois.

It means the Liberals can govern for four years with a free hand to implement a big agenda on climate change, a commitment to multilateralism and liberal internationalism, tax breaks for the middle class, and a major public works program.

As much as the size of the majority, though, is what it represents. In an October moment, Canada has rejected a government led by Harper, a secretive former economist who had united the country's conservative movement and won three elections since 2006. This time, however, history was against him. No leader has ever won four consecutive elections.

Polls said some 70% of Canadians wanted change. But that meant choosing between the New Democrats, a social democratic party that has never held power in Ottawa, and the Liberals, who have governed for most of Canada's history but suffered their worst defeat in the last election in 2011. As the New Democrats surged early in the campaign, pundits wondered whether the Liberals would survive, should they place third again.

But the Liberals outflanked the New Democrats on the left, promising three years of deficit spending on green energy, roads and bridges, and urban transit, while the NDP cautiously promised to balance the budget like the fiscally hawkish Conservatives they had hoped to displace.

Looking for an agent of change, progressive voters chose the Liberals, not the New Democrats. That party had hoped to realign national politics, which has always chosen between Liberals and Conservatives, both of them traditionally centrist.

Now the New Democrats are in third place, the Conservatives in second, the Liberals in power, led by a man named Trudeau. In Canada, it is back to the future.

Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion.

Read CNNOpinion's Flipboard magazine.Poor Microsoft Office.

It is Microsoft's most successful product, but has been stuck in a 90s-era time warp. There are now shinier, more modern ways to get work done, such as Slack, Google Apps and Trello.

What those sexier apps have in common is that they let people get work done in a more 21st century way, with collaboration in mind. People can simultaneously edit documents, share work without an endless sea of attachments and quickly send group messages.

Microsoft is trying to turn that conversation on its head with Office 2016, which launched Tuesday.

It makes some subtle but important tweaks that make it much easier to share, collaborate -- and, yes -- simultaneously edit documents (finally!) in Word.

At first glance, you won't notice much of a change between Office 2013 and Office 2016. What stands out immediately are some bolder colors and a search bar placed at the top of the various apps.

The changes are there, though. There's a persistent "share" button at the top right of the app. You can Skype with coworkers from within Word, Excel and PowerPoint. You can set up group conversations in Outlook and work together as a team on documents saved in Microsoft's OneDrive cloud storage.

"This is a huge release for us, even though the user interface has largely stayed the same," Jared Spataro, Microsoft's general manager for Office, told CNNMoney. "We've made the transition from 'me work' to 'we work.'"

Office has actually had a lot of these capabilities for some time. They just have been buried in the background, because Microsoft has been tepid about scaring off workers who have been using Office for decades.

Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30) found an elegant way of adding collaboration features in Office 2016 without radically changing the way people are accustomed to accomplishing tasks.

For example, when you share a document in Office 2016, you will open an Outlook email that appears to have a Word file attached. When the recipient gets the email, it will also show a Word file icon. But it's not a Word file -- it's a hyperlink to a file located on OneDrive, enabling both people to make changes to the document without saving it, renaming it, and reattaching it to another email.

Workers have long treated Office as a necessary evil. It's the best tool for email, word processing spreadsheets and presentations -- but it's just horribly unsexy. By making Office more collaborative, Microsoft is hoping to make its bestselling product cool.

Related: Latin American students prefer Microsoft to Google

Related: Microsoft to unveil new Windows 10 devicesAllergist Dr. Dean C. Mitchell, a clinical assistant professor at Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine in New York, contributed to this chart.

This flowchart series is designed to help educate people about medical issues so they make better informed decisions about their health. Please consult a doctor for any serious symptoms or for conditions specific to your personal health.Clinton: 'Most of my work was not done on emails'Chicago (CNN) ISIS-related investigations constitute a majority of the 900 investigations the FBI is conducting nationwide of suspected homegrown violent extremists, a federal law enforcement official said Friday.

FBI Director James Comey made mention of the total number of inquiries at a meeting in Chicago on Friday morning.

The law enforcement official said that number includes a range of people, from those suspected of possibly plotting to those simply consuming a diet of ISIS propaganda.

Previously, Comey and other FBI officials have only said there are "hundreds" of such investigations.

Comey told congressional hearings this week the number of Americans suspected of trying to travel to join ISIS has slowed to a trickle in recent months, though it's not clear if that's a long-term trend.Steven Hill is a senior fellow with New America and the author of the recently published book, "Raw Deal: How the 'Uber Economy' and Runaway Capitalism Are Screwing American Workers" (St. Martin's Press). Follow him on Twitter: @StevenHill1776 The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) What will jobs of the future look like, in a world in which Uber, Airbnb and TaskRabbit are becoming the model for new job creation?

The U.S. workforce, which has been one of the world's most productive and wealthiest, is undergoing an alarming transformation. Increasing numbers of workers find themselves on shaky ground, turned into freelancers, temps and contractors.

Even many full-time and professional jobs are experiencing this precarious shift. Add to that the steamroller of automation and robots, which some experts predict will eliminate millions of jobs, and the picture starts looking grim.

Workers across a broad swath of occupations and industries already are being affected. Meet Chris Young, an assembly line worker at Nissan's manufacturing plant in Smyrna, Tennessee, whose job was described in a Washington Post article. Young doesn't get to wear the coveted Nissan jersey that many of his fellow workers wear, because he doesn't work for Nissan.

Instead, he is what is known as a "perma-temp," working for Yates Services, a private contractor that now provides a majority of Nissan's workers. Young does the same work as the Nissan workers, but he and other Yates employees receive half the salary, less job security and way fewer safety net benefits.

JUST WATCHED Push for global internet connectivity Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Push for global internet connectivity 03:56

Nationwide, temps like Young are responsible for nearly a fifth of the total job growth since the Great Recession ended in 2009, according to federal data And increasingly the temps aren't very temporary. Some workers originally hired as "temps" have been employed at the same company for as long as 11 years without receiving a full-time position  hence the term "perma-temp."

Now from Silicon Valley comes the latest economic trend: the so-called "sharing economy," (aka gig economy) with companies allegedly "liberating workers" to become "independent" and "their own CEOs." In reality, workers are taking ever-smaller jobs ("gigs" and "micro-gigs") and earning low wages, while the companies profit handsomely.

Companies like Upwork, TaskRabbit and Freelancer.com have created "labor brokerage" websites and mobile apps, many of which amount to online auctions in which vulnerable workers bid against each other for work, driving down wages to that of the lowest bidder. Since the Internet is global, some of these labor brokerage websites put U.S. workers into direct competition with workers in the Philippines, India and other places. The result is predictable: cheap, Third World labor undercuts developed-world wages.

One worker tried to make a go of it utilizing TaskRabbit and other websites, but found himself running like a hamster on a wheel. "The wages offered look decent at first until you realize that you spend at least half your time commuting (from gig to gig) and/or dealing with flakes, neither of which is paid. Add in the 15% self-employment tax, the cut that the sites take (usually 10% to 20% of each gig), and it really starts to suck."

JUST WATCHED New taxi app challenges Uber in London Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New taxi app challenges Uber in London 02:53

But here's where the "share-the-crumbs" economy becomes even more sinister, unleashing a profound existential crisis. In a regular job, a worker gets paid "on the clock" for an agreed-upon number of hours per day or week.

Rest and bathroom breaks, staff meetings, training, even time at the water cooler with fellow workers, all those are paid time in a regular job.

But the gig economy is massively overturning this universal order. Suddenly the "extraneous" parts of a worker's day are being eliminated. "Micro-gigs" reduce workers' labor value to only those exact minutes someone is producing the report or raking the leaves or designing that logo -- engaged in a specific task.

It's as if New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady only got paid when he threw a touchdown pass, or a chef got paid by the meal. It's piecework, as in the late 19th century, with no annual salaries, no payment for research or preparation. You are paid only for your exact productive moments. The rest is on your own time and dime.

Many sharing economy gurus speak glowingly of this hyperefficiency. Leah Busque, CEO of TaskRabbit, explains it away by saying, "We're about empowering these independent contractors to build out their own businesses. It's good for them to have the autonomy and the drive to do what they want, when they want, for the price that they want."

But the labor situation already has gotten even worse; now some companies have come up with "nano-gigs," the smallest of jobs, such as labeling photos on Amazon's service Mechanical Turk for a nickel each. For example, you can describe women's shoes with words like "sandal" and "flats," which aids in Internet searches. The rate of pay? About $2 per hour.

An app called Spare5 allows you to do small tasks while you are waiting for a latte at Starbucks or riding the bus home. They call it "monetizing your downtime."

But hey, it's just spare time, right? Who needs spare time?

10 photos: 10 photos: Tour guide  CNN asked its Twitter followers how they landed their dream jobs. We took some of our favorite responses of how to follow your passion and illustrated them. Some, like @HebExplorer , have turned a love of travel into a career. Hide Caption 1 of 10 10 photos: Domestic violence advocate  Others, like @Munche2008 , find a reward in helping others. Hide Caption 2 of 10 10 photos: Acrobatic pilot  For some, like @KirbyChambliss , there's no substitute for hard work. Hide Caption 3 of 10 10 photos: Digital travel journalist  @BenSouthall has made a living out of circumventing the globe. For him, it all started with an ad in the newspaper and a video application. He beat out 35,000 other applicants. Sometimes, you just have to take a chance. Hide Caption 4 of 10 10 photos: Homeless shelter worker  For @HannahJMcGahee , the best job in the world involves giving back to those less fortunate. Hide Caption 5 of 10 10 photos: Writing teacher  Some, like those at @Write4Wellbeing , have combined multiple passions, like writing and self-help. Hide Caption 6 of 10 10 photos: Copy Editor/Layout Designer  The National Guard helped others, like @CapsGirl1985 , to fulfill their dreams. Hide Caption 7 of 10 10 photos: Radio DJ  For some, like @MJordan933 , there's no substitute for long hours. Hide Caption 8 of 10 10 photos: Import/export  Others, like @EuropeanMRKT , took the leap and started their own ventures. Hide Caption 9 of 10 10 photos: Teacher  Then again, some, like @SamleCX , find fulfillment in championing the next generation. Want to share your passion? Tell us what you love to do at @CNNI and tag it #CNNDreamJob Hide Caption 10 of 10

The accelerated use by employers of the sharing/gig economy is contributing to a rapid erosion for workers and families. These services are threatening to further undercut the middle class and turn millions of workers into little more than day laborers.

Fortunately there is a pragmatic policy solution that would create a new kind of safety net for this new economy. The key is designing "portable benefits," which would stay with a worker who moves from job to job. We could assign to each worker an Individual Security Account, and every business that hires that worker would pay a small amount of "safety net" premium, prorated to the number of hours worked for that business.

That "hours bank" system would be used to pay for that worker's safety net, including unemployment and injured worker protection, health care, Social Security and a few days each of paid vacation and paid sick leave.

Innovative policies like that would allow the United States to launch a new kind of deal so technology and innovation would enrich all Americans, instead of just a handful.

Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion.

Read CNNOpinion's Flipboard magazine.9 photos:

Who doesn't want to be happy?  As research into our mysterious gray matter continues to explode, scientists are getting ever closer to understanding what creates a calm, contented and happy brain. Answer these eight questions to see if your brain is already wired to be happy or if you might need to practice positivity.11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones Fleets of drones carrying crucial goods such as medicine will soon streak the skies of Rwanda, putting the small east-central African country at the forefront of a technological revolution.



Designed to be cheap, simple and robust, the drones will have payloads of up to 100 kg (220lb), while the droneports will function as hubs to allow recharging, cargo loading and dropoff, as well as repairs.



With the project expected to break ground in 2016, a functioning drone delivery network could be in place as early as 2020. Hide Caption 1 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones



"I went to Norman because I knew that there was no one else on the planet better suited than him to design this," Ledgard told CNN.

"I said, you designed the largest airport in the world -- now build me the smallest." The project is the brainchild of Jonathan Ledgard, head of the Afrotech project at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL), and world-renowned British architect Norman Foster "I went to Norman because I knew that there was no one else on the planet better suited than him to design this," Ledgard told CNN."I said, you designed the largest airport in the world -- now build me the smallest." Hide Caption 2 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones



All the raw materials will be sourced on site, reducing transportation costs, with the droneport consisting of a 'kit-of-parts' that can be easily assembled by local communities. The buildings are designed to be extremely easy to construct, with architects Forster+Partners leveraging on their experience with airports -- they created the world's largest airport terminal in Beijing -- as well as more outlandish projects such as one involving a 3D-printed moon base that they designed with the European Space Agency.All the raw materials will be sourced on site, reducing transportation costs, with the droneport consisting of a 'kit-of-parts' that can be easily assembled by local communities. Hide Caption 3 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones "Rwanda's challenging geographical and social landscape makes it an ideal test-bed for the Droneport project," said Norman Foster while presenting the initiative, which he reckons could have "a massive impact through the century and save lives immediately."

Hide Caption 4 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones



"Nobody cares about the last mile in Africa," he says, highlighting the difference between the droneport idea and what Amazon and other vendors are

"The droneport itself will be a mix between a railway station, a petrol station, a blacksmith shop and a post office," said Ledgard, who points out that the network will provide distribution hubs rather the a "last mile" delivery infrastructure."Nobody cares about the last mile in Africa," he says, highlighting the difference between the droneport idea and what Amazon and other vendors are planning to do with drones in Western markets, where unmanned aerial vehicles are touted to be the next innovative step in the final delivery of consumer goods of any type, including pizza Hide Caption 5 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones Each droneport will take two to three years to build, at a projected cost of about $300,000.



"We wanted a concept that was really cheap," said Ledgard, "and the drones themselves will contain a tiny amount of super high-tech and a lot of low-tech."



Built to be robust, economical and simple to repair, they will be powered by electric engines and have a fixed wing design, more closely resembling commercial planes rather than quadrocopters. Hide Caption 6 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones The idea could have a great impact on the local economies of developing African countries: "This is a multi-billion dollar industry, without question," said Ledgard.



For the initial applications, the team is looking at blood for transfusions and other life-giving supplies such as pharmaceuticals. But the network could then extend to perishable goods and e-commerce purchases. Hide Caption 7 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones Droneports aren't intended to replace road networks in Africa, but increase their capacity: "Road systems are going to improve a bit in the future, but not enough to move the economy along," said Ledgard.



"But even increasing your transportation capacity by a small percentage can be beneficial, especially for high value, perishable goods." Hide Caption 8 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones While the project is progressing rapidly, Ledgard offers a word of caution: "We want to emphasize that there are still a lot of questions," he said.



"But we're making good progress: We intend to break ground next year, and I would be very disappointed it if we didn't." Hide Caption 9 of 11

11 photos: Rwanda to get world's first airport for drones Two types of drones have been designed, with a larger version capable of a 100kg payload to enter service in a second phase, around 2025.



They will fly at a projected speed of about 90 km/h over lakes, rivers and mountain ridges, and offer extremely competitive costs compared to road transportation. Hide Caption 10 of 11"America's Got Talent" contestants beware because here comes Simon Cowell.

The brash and often blunt TV talent judge, Simon Cowell, is joining NBC's hit show "America's Got Talent" next season, the network announced on Thursday.

Cowell, 56, will be replacing another outspoken judge, radio personality Howard Stern, for the 11th season of the reality competition series.

"I am really thrilled to be joining 'America's Got Talent' next season," Cowell said in a statement. "America has some fantastic talent just waiting to be discovered, and I would like that talent to come to our show, including any dogs who can sing!"

Cowell created the format of "Got Talent" that first debuted with "America's Got Talent" in 2006. That show has been spun off in multiple countries and has become one of the biggest reality TV properties in the world.

The judge and producer spent nine years as the most memorable host of Fox's ultra successful "American Idol." Cowell left "Idol" in 2010 and the show announced in May that it would be ending after its 15th season next year.

The addition of the popular Cowell is bound to boost NBC's "Talent," which is already one of the network's biggest shows in terms of audience.

The past season of "Talent" averaged an impressive 12.5 million viewers, delivering its most-watched season in four years, according to NBC.

"We're thrilled to have him to step in front of the camera and take his rightful place at the head of the judges' panel," Robert Greenblatt, chairman of NBC Entertainment, said in a statement. "We welcome him to the on-screen NBC family."

Related: 'American Idol' canceled after 15th season(CNN) In a move sure to befuddle women -- and anger some breast cancer survivors -- the American Cancer Society has issued new guidelines saying less screening for breast cancer is better than more.

The venerated cancer organization says women should start getting mammograms at 45 instead of 40, and that everyone can skip the routine manual breast checks by doctors.

An exhaustive review of the medical literature shows these measures just aren't very effective, according to the group. "The chance that you're going to find a cancer and save a life is actually very small," said Dr. Otis Brawley, the society's chief medical officer.

Now three key groups -- the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American Cancer Society, and the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force -- recommend different ages for starting regular mammograms: 40, 45 and 50 respectively.

While mammograms save lives, they can also cause harm, and each group does a different job of balancing the pros and cons.

Earlier testing is not necessarily better

The problem with mammograms is that they have a relatively high false positive rate, which means women sometimes have to undergo painful and time-consuming tests only to find out they never had cancer in the first place.

The chances of false positives are especially high for women under 45, as they have denser breasts and tumors are harder to spot on an image. "If she starts screening at age 40, she increases the risk that she'll need a breast cancer biopsy that turns out with the doctor saying 'You don't have cancer, so sorry we put you through all this,'" Brawley said.

He said he knows women who've had false positives year after year. "False positives are a huge deal," he said. "These women are so frightened and inconvenienced they swear off mammography for the rest of their lives."

Six years ago, the federal government's Preventive Services Task Force caused a furor when it declared that women in their 40s didn't need to get routine mammograms. Younger women whose breast cancers were caught by mammograms angrily responded that they would have been dead if they'd followed that guideline.

They said they'd gladly risk a false positive, with all the inconvenient and sometimes painful followup, for the chance of finding a cancer.

Learning from that experience, the American Cancer Society has sought to soften its message, emphasizing that women in their early 40s should still be able to get mammograms if they want them, as long as they understand the risks.

There's the risk of a false positive, plus the risk that a mammogram could catch a very small breast cancer that will go way on its own, or never progress to the point that it hurts a woman. In other words, a mammogram could catch a tumor that isn't really worth catching.

Several reports discuss the spontaneous regression of cancer, including breast cancer.

But since doctors can't reliably discern the harmful from the harmless cancers, they treat them all. This means some women are getting potentially harmful treatments, such as radiation, chemotherapy and surgery, when their tumor would never have caused a problem, Brawley says.

A Canadian study looked at 44,925 women who were screened for breast cancer, and 106 of them fell into this category and were treated for breast cancer "unnecessarily," according to a review in the New England Journal of Medicine.

New guidelines have their critics

While agreeing with the American Cancer Society that mammograms aren't perfect, some advocates for women criticized the group's new guidelines. First, they said the society looked mostly at studies of film mammography, which in the United States has almost been entirely replaced by digital mammography.

Digital mammograms generate clearer images and do a better job of finding cancer and have a lower false positive rate.

"It's like standard versus HD TV," said Dr. Therese Bevers, the chair of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network's guidelines panel for breast cancer screening and diagnosis, and the medical director of the Cancer Prevention Center at the MD Anderson Cancer Center.

Second, critics said the cancer society looked only at whether screening saved a woman's life, and not at whether screening caught a cancer early, so the woman could avoid the most drastic treatments, such as chemotherapy or mastectomy.

"The American Cancer Society made the value judgment that screening is only worth it if improves survival," said Dr. Marisa Weiss, a breast cancer survivor and president of Breastcancer.org. "There's an arrogance to that. Let women decide what's meaningful to them."

Insurance companies also decide

The new guidelines also state that women over age 55 can choose to get a mammogram every other year, since breast cancers in post-menopausal women tend to develop more slowly.

To a great extent it will be insurance companies that decide at what age women get mammograms. In 2009, they typically continued to pay for mammograms starting at age 40 even though the government's task for force recommended mammograms starting at age 50.

But it's not clear what they'll do now that the American Cancer Society has also raised the age for mammograms.

"(Insurance) plans will certainly take these updated recommendations into account when evaluating their coverage policies," Clare Krusing, a spokeswoman for America's Health Insurance Plans, wrote to CNN in an email.

The new guidelines are meant for women at average risk of breast cancer. The society says women with a family history or who carry a gene that predisposes them to breast cancer may need to start screening earlier and more frequently.

As for the recommendation to discontinue routine manual breast exams by doctors, many advocates for women with breast cancer agree there's a lack of good evidence that they save lives, but some said they saw no reason to get rid of them.

"It's a free and added way of knowing whether or not a lump is there," said Leigh Hurst, founder of the Feel Your Boobies Foundation.

In the end, with so many different opinions on preventing breast cancer, experts are worried women will throw up their hands.

"Our biggest concern is that this will create a lot of potential havoc in the day-to-day practice of caring for women," said Dr. Christopher Zahn, the vice president of practice activities for ACOG.Story highlights Bernie Sanders will deliver a speech to define "democratic socialism" before the next Democratic presidential debate

A new poll of New Hampshire Democrats shows only 48% would accept a socialist president

Washington (CNN) Top advisers and strategists for the Bernie Sanders campaign had long tried to convince their candidate of the need to address the stigma around the words "democratic socialist."

But Sanders never agreed -- until now.

Sanders is preparing to give a major speech soon to define and explain what it means to be a democratic socialist. This is a speech, advisers tell CNN, he committed to only very recently, an acknowledgment that the stigma around the term could be holding him back from truly challenging Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination.

"He needs to reassure voters, especially in Iowa and New Hampshire, that they will be nominating someone who does have a real chance of winning," Sanders strategist Tad Devine told CNN. "The idea that this word is going to get in the way of voting for him, we're going to expose it for what it is. That this discussion over the term will not stop him as a candidate."

13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders participates in a "Don't Trade Our Future" march organized by the group Campaign for America's Future on April 20 in Washington. Click through for other photos from his career. Hide Caption 1 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Democratic presidential candidate U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) delivers remarks while officially announcing his candidacy for the U.S. presidency during an event at Waterfront Park May 26 in Burlington, Vermont. Hide Caption 2 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders speaks to protesters taking part in the "Don't Trade Our Future" march on April 20. Hide Caption 3 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders speaks to low-wage federal contract workers during a protest where the workers demanded presidential action to win a wage increase to $15 an hour on December 4, 2014, in Washington. Hide Caption 4 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders, left, and Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa arrive with other senators for a briefing at the U.S. Capitol on September 11, 2014, by military and intelligence officials for members of the U.S. Senate on the White House strategy to combat ISIS. Hide Caption 5 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders awaits the start of a hearing on the state of veterans' health care by the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee on September 9, 2014, in Washington. Hide Caption 6 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career On September 8, 2014, Sanders speaks outside the U.S. Capitol at a press conference where members of Congress discuss a joint resolution proposing a constitutional amendment relating to contributions and expenditures intended to affect elections. Hide Caption 7 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Then-senator-elect Bernie Sanders meets with 2006 Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (right) on November 13, 2006, in Washington, D.C. On his left is then-senator-elect James Webb and on his right is then-senator-elect Amy Klobuchar. Hide Caption 8 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders addresses a rally in support of Social Security on March 28, 2011, on Capitol Hill. Hide Caption 9 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill on December 7, 2010, about how the Obama administration is pushing for Congress to extend Bush-era tax cuts in a compromise with Republicans. Hide Caption 10 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders speaks at a news conference in Washington on September 30, 2009, to urge Congress to pass a $250 one-time cost of living adjustment payment to Social Security recipients in 2010. Hide Caption 11 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Sanders speaks during a hearing on the economy before the Senate Budget Committee on Capitol Hill on March 3, 2009. Hide Caption 12 of 13 13 photos: Bernie Sanders' political career Incoming Sens. James Webb, from left, Sanders, and Amy Klobuchar meet with Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid on November 13, 2006, in Washington. Hide Caption 13 of 13

Related: How Hillary Clinton benefits from Joe Biden's decision

Read More12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death Rock Hudson became the first well-known public figure to die of AIDS-related causes 30 years ago on October 2, 1985. His gaunt appearance shocked fans that summer when he reunited with former co-star Doris Day to promote a TV series on pets that she was launching. Less than a week later, Hudson, 59, collapsed in Paris while desperately trying to get medical treatment. The world soon learned his secret -- that he was gravely ill with the deadly disease and also gay. Hide Caption 1 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death The future superstar cuddles with his Aunt Evelyn in 1927. He was born Roy Harold Scherer Jr. on November 17, 1925, in Winnetka, Illinois, north of Chicago. His father deserted the family in the early '30s, and the boy became known as Roy Fitzgerald when his stepfather adopted him. After a stint in the Navy in World War II, the young man headed to California with dreams of becoming an actor. But first he needed a movie star name -- his agent came up with Rock Hudson. Hide Caption 2 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death Shortly before becoming a major star, Hudson made a less than convincing Native American in "Taza, Son of Cochise" (1954), donning a black wig and wearing dark makeup. The brazen miscasting in this Western was typical of many of his early mediocre movies, which relied heavily on his strapping 6-foot-4 physique. Shirtless photos of Hudson dominated fan magazines in the early '50s -- so much so that he became known as " the Baron of Beefcake ." Hide Caption 3 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death "Magnificent Obsession" (1954) offered Hudson a star-making part opposite Jane Wyman after more than 20 films while under contract to Universal Pictures. He played a reckless playboy whose selfish ways contribute to the death of Wyman's husband and then to her blindness before he eventually redeems himself as a surgeon who heals her. Female moviegoers swooned at the new matinee idol in this improbable romantic melodrama directed by Douglas Sirk. Hide Caption 4 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death The actor married his agent's secretary, Phyllis Gates, in 1955. Gates had moved in with the star a year earlier. "For Rock, living with Phyllis helped to normalize his reputation in Hollywood. People would say behind his back, with a wink, 'Did you hear -- Rock Hudson's got a lady living with him,'" according to "Rock Hudson: His Story," an authorized biography by Sara Davidson published after his death. The marriage lasted less than three years. Hide Caption 5 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death Hudson scored his only Oscar nomination as Bick Benedict in the 1956 epic "Giant," with Elizabeth Taylor as his wife and James Dean, right, as his rival. He played a stubborn cattle rancher battling change in oil-rich Texas in the George Stevens film based on Edna Ferber's novel. Taylor, a good friend, later became a passionate AIDS activist. A year after "Giant," Hudson topped the list of box-office stars in America . He continued to appear in the Top 10 through 1964. Hide Caption 6 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death A split screen, a shared party line and a little sexual innuendo in "Pillow Talk" (1959) helped establish one of the screen's great romantic teams -- Doris Day and Rock Hudson. The actor initially was reluctant to tackle a comedy role, especially opposite the more experienced Day. But the fellow Midwesterners clicked -- they teasingly dubbed each other "Eunice" and "Ernie." The stars reteamed for "Lover Come Back" (1961) and "Send Me No Flowers" (1964). Hide Caption 7 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death "Seconds" (1966) proved to be a radical departure from the romantic comedies Hudson was churning out. In the film, a middle-aged banker undergoes plastic surgery and gets "reborn" looking like Rock Hudson. The star had great hopes the arty sci-fi film by director John Frankenheimer ("The Manchurian Candidate") would establish him as a serious actor. But the audience at the Cannes Film Festival booed "Seconds," and its box-office failure seriously harmed his career. Hide Caption 8 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death "Ice Station Zebra" (1968) helped slow the decline of Hudson's movie career. He played the Navy commander of a nuclear submarine headed to the North Pole to rescue an endangered scientific weather station. Slammed by critics, the Cold War-era adventure flick nevertheless was reportedly one of the star's favorites. And reclusive billionaire Howard Hughes also apparently was fond of "Ice Station Zebra." Ernest Borgnine, far left, co-starred as a Russian defector! Hide Caption 9 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death With his movie career waning by the '70s, the actor turned to television, teaming with Susan Saint James in "McMillan & Wife," a comedy mystery series about a police commissioner and his wife in the vein of "The Thin Man." Accustomed to the more leisurely pace of shooting in films, Hudson disliked doing episodic TV, but the popular series ran from 1971 to 1977. He later tried another series, "The Devlin Connection," but it was quickly canceled in 1982. Hide Caption 10 of 12

12 photos: Rock Hudson: 30 years after star's death Hudson's haggard appearance as a guest star on the nighttime soap "Dynasty" in 1984 fueled rumors about his health. After the revelation he had AIDS, the tabloids had a field day with sensational coverage suggesting he had put Linda Evans at risk in scenes in which they kissed. The public knew little then about the spread of HIV. Ex-lover Marc Christian would receive a multimillion-dollar settlement from the late actor's estate, alleging Hudson had endangered him. Hide Caption 11 of 12Story highlights "Ben Carson is super low energy, right? He's super low," Trump said in Miami Friday

But Carson said Saturday, "My energy levels are perfectly fine"

Washington (CNN) Ben Carson on Saturday dismissed attacks from Donald Trump in which he accused the retired neurosurgeon of not having enough "energy" to be president.

"My energy levels are perfectly fine," Carson said in Iowa. "As I've said many times, there have been many times where I've operated 12, 15, 20 hours, and that requires a lot of energy. Doesn't require a lot of jumping up and down and screaming, but it does require a lot of concentration."

His comments came the day after Trump told a rally in Miami that Carson has even less energy than Jeb Bush, who he has repeatedly called a "low-energy" candidate.

"Ben Carson is super low energy, right? He's super low," Trump said. "Super low energy. We need tremendous energy. We need tremendous energy."

Trump previously had warned Carson that he would start attacking him if he started passing him in the polls. Carson made progress against Trump this week, when two Iowa polls showed him topping the real estate mogul among Hawkeye State Republicans.

Read MoreOur Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed.

By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.(CNN) Cuba, Kenya and Saudi Arabia are doing better at fighting human trafficking. Egypt, Ghana and Bulgaria are doing worse.

That's according to the latest annual report from the U.S. State Department, which rates 188 countries on their efforts to stamp out trafficking in persons.

Secretary of State John Kerry says the Trafficking in Persons (TIP) Report aims to enlighten, energize and empower activists fighting the "human trafficking industry" across every continent.

But still, some of the 2015 rankings are controversial with rights groups questioning whether politics has trumped that ambition.

Malaysia, for example, has been upgraded, while Thailand remains on the list of worst-performing countries. Both are part of of people-smuggling route for Rohingya Muslims fleeing persecution in Myanmar.

Mass graves holding the bodies of dozens of migrants were discovered in Malaysia earlier this year, after the cutoff for this year's TIP Report.

The report raises Malaysia to the Tier 2 Watch List from bottom-ranked Tier 3, where it fell last year, after two consecutive years of failing to do enough to address the issue.

The fall was an automatic downgrade, in compliance with rules introduced by the State Department in 2013 that dictate a country has to move up or down after two years on the Tier 2 Watch List.

Thailand was also demoted for the same reason, but this year remains on Tier 3, an apparent discrepancy for activists who were pushing for both countries to remain in Tier 3.

State of human trafficking

The U.S. State Department puts countries that do the most to fight human trafficking in Tier 1, and the least in Tier 3. Tier 2 includes a Watch List for countries in danger of dropping to Tier 3.

This year, 18 countries were upgraded and another 18 were downgraded. Those downgraded from the Tier 2 Watch List to Tier 3 included Belarus, Belize, Burundi, Comoros, the Marshall Islands and South Sudan.

Penalties for countries demoted to Tier 3 are at the discretion of the U.S. President, but could include restrictions on non-humanitarian assistance and funding.

Alongside Malaysia, upgrades from Tier 3 to the Watch List included Cuba, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Papua New Guinea, and Uzbekistan.

Kerry said: "It is a battle against money. It is a battle against evil. It is remarkable that in 2015 we face a modern-day version of slavery."

READ: Asia's tortured maids

Mass migrant graves

Two months ago, it emerged that deep in the jungle along Malaysia's border with Thailand were abandoned makeshift prisons once thought to hold migrants held for ransom by human traffickers.

JUST WATCHED The apartheid you've never heard of Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The apartheid you've never heard of 02:38

Alongside wooden cages were mass graves believed to hold the bodies of Bangladeshi migrants and Rohingya Muslims fleeing Myanmar, also known as Burma.

Similar macabre scenes had been earlier uncovered in jungle camps in Thailand, after a series of raids by Thai police. On Friday, Thailand announced it had charged 72 people with crimes of human trafficking and was looking for another 32 suspects still at large.

In May, Malaysia hosted talks with delegates from Thailand and Indonesia about how to address the growing crisis of migrants trapped on trafficking boats off the coast. Malaysia and Indonesia agreed to take the migrants in, provided they were given help to resettle them with one year.

However, the raids, arrests and talks came after the March 2015 cut-off for consideration in this year's report, which will raise questions as to why Malaysia was upgraded, yet Thailand remains on Tier 3.

JUST WATCHED Forensic teams exhume graves found at trafficking camps Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Forensic teams exhume graves found at trafficking camps 03:30

Rights activists point out that Malaysia is one of the countries in negotiations with the U.S. as part of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement. An amendment to the Trade Promotion Authority Act states a fast-track deal can't be done with a country that's on the Tier 3 list.

Phil Robertson, Asia division deputy director for Human Rights Watch, said: "Malaysia's record on stopping trafficking in persons over the past year is far from sufficient to justify this upgrade from Washington. Migrants are being trafficked and abused with impunity, Rohingya victims' bodies are being pulled from shallow graves at the border and convictions are down year on year. How can the State Department call this progress?"

He added: "The discussion on Malaysia is... a triumph of diplomatic writing trumpeting process rather than impact. This upgrade is more about the TPP and U.S. trade politics than anything Malaysia did to combat human trafficking over the past year. Sadly, this action does significant damage to the credibility of a report that is a critical part of global efforts to combat slavery."

Before the report's release, the Alliance to End Slavery and Trafficking (ATEST) said any move to upgrade Malaysia would be "purely political and incredibly detrimental to combating human trafficking in that country."

Meanwhile, the Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs released a statement saying its ranking "does not accurately reflect the significant efforts" made over the year. It said Thailand "translated its genuine political will to combat human trafficking into practical policies, effective implementation, and concrete results" calling the issue a national priority.

It added Thailand had cracked down on trafficking gangs and corrupt officials, and was tackling slavery in the fisheries industry.

READ: Why everyone hates TPP, Obama's signature trade deal

What the TIP Tiers mean Tier 1: Governments fully comply with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act's (TVPA) minimum standards. Tier 2: Governments do not fully comply, but are making significant efforts to bring themselves into compliance. Tier 2 Watch List: Governments do not fully comply, but are making significant efforts to bring themselves into compliance, as well as other negative indicators. Tier 3: Governments do not fully comply and are not making significant efforts to do so. Source: U.S. State Department

Other notable changes on this year's list:

Cuba's promotion from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List comes just a week after restoration of the country's diplomatic ties with the U.S., which were frozen in 1961.

After three consecutive years on the Tier 2 Watch List, Kenya -- where Barack Obama has just made his first trip since becoming U.S. President -- made it back on the Tier 2 list. It follows last year's recommendation to increase the number of prosecutions, raids and inspections of potential trafficking hubs.

Saudi Arabia also made it off the bottom tier after making progress in prosecuting offenders and protecting trafficking victims. However, the 2015 report said that it was still not "proactively" investigating and prosecuting employers for withholding workers' passports and pay.

Of the downgrades, Belarus earned an automatic demotion to Tier 3 after two years on the Watch List, as did Comoros, an island off the coast of Eastern Africa, where the report says children are particularly at risk of forced labor.

Child trafficking is also considered to be a huge problem in Ghana, which dropped to the Watch List from Tier 2. The country is set to receive $5 million in U.S. aid to combat the problem after the signing last month of the Child Protection Compact Partnership. The money will be used to pursue offenders, rehabilitate victims and educate the public.

Egypt also dropped to the Watch List, following its poor record of addressing the sexual exploitation of women and children. This year's report said that while the country had set up a national anti-trafficking hotline, its efforts to address the problem focused on Egyptian nationals, not foreign trafficking victims.

Considered a corridor for men, women and children trafficked to Western Europe, Slovenia was downgraded from Tier 1 to Tier 2. The report said that while the country was trying to train law enforcement officers, prosecutions were at a five-year low and there had been no convictions at all during the year.Story highlights Frida Ghitis: Outrage over Cecil trophy kill went viral, spawned outrage backlash from those who say moral compass is skewed

What about human suffering in Zimbabwe, Syria, among refugees?

Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for the Miami Herald and World Politics Review and a former CNN producer and correspondent. Follow her @FridaGhitis. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) Of all the stories you heard in the news in the past few days, which one moved you the most? Which outraged you, brought you to tears, led you to action? Which did you talk about with your friends, post on Facebook, discuss on Twitter? If the answer is the killing of Cecil the lion, you are in lots of company.

Frida Ghitis

By now, it seems, most people agree that the killing, apparently for fun, of the majestic lion by a Minnesota dentist visiting Zimbabwe was a perplexing act of pointless cruelty and cowardice. It spawned millions of posts on Facebook and Twitter -- a kind of outrage tsunami.

Cecil, who was apparently well-known and loved in the natural park where he lived in Zimbabwe, died in a most unnatural way, lured from his home and slaughtered. (The dentist, now perhaps fearing for his life, has apparently gone into hiding.)

The intensity of the backlash over the trophy killing has triggered a counter-backlash. Why, some are now asking, do people care so much about the death of a lion when so many human beings are suffering and dying? The surge of sorrow for a dead lion, they say, when compared to the relative quiet about other wrongs, reveals a moral flaw in our humanity, a defect in our moral compass.

7 photos: Big beasts, big business: The countries cashing in on wildlife tours



For decades, the majestic wildlife found across Africa has been a major draw for tourists wanting to catch a glimpse of roaring lions, towering elephants and rare rhinos.



But wildlife tourism should always be a case of look, but don't touch.



For several African countries, wildlife is more than a tourism treasure. It's also a key source of revenue. A recent The brutal killing of Cecil , Zimbabwe's famous black mane lion, has caused outrage around the world, highlighting once more the persistent threats faced by endangered animals.For decades, the majestic wildlife found across Africa has been a major draw for tourists wanting to catch a glimpse of roaring lions, towering elephants and rare rhinos.But wildlife tourism should always be a case of look, but don't touch.For several African countries, wildlife is more than a tourism treasure. It's also a key source of revenue. A recent study by the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNTWO) compiled figures from government and tour operators throughout the continent to assess the state of the wildlife tourism industry. It found that the industry contributes 80% of international travel sales to the continent, a large percentage of the $34.2 billion African tourism industry. Hide Caption 1 of 7 7 photos: Big beasts, big business: The countries cashing in on wildlife tours



Watch: Wildlife tourism is booming in Africa One of the best performing sub-sectors within the wildlife tourism industry is gorilla treks, such as in Bwindi Forest National Park , Uganda. Permits to visit a gorilla family cost between $500-700, meaning the forest, home to roughly half the world's wild mountain gorillas, generates approximately $15 million annually. Hide Caption 2 of 7 7 photos: Big beasts, big business: The countries cashing in on wildlife tours The Serengeti-Ngorongoro southern circuit, a key migration route, is another tourist hotspot. It receives 300,000 visitors a year, spending $500 million in total on trips to the 300-kilometer stretch between Arusha and Serengeti, Tanzania. Hide Caption 3 of 7 7 photos: Big beasts, big business: The countries cashing in on wildlife tours Of the countries who submitted data, 14 generated a total of approximately $142 million in entrance fees to protected parks, bolstering the coffers of various conservation initiatives. Around half of operators contribute to anti-poaching projects, and governments are taking steps to counter the elevated threat in recent years. Hide Caption 4 of 7 7 photos: Big beasts, big business: The countries cashing in on wildlife tours UNTWO worked out that across the continent, the average wildlife tour lasts 10 days, has six participants and costs $433 per day. It also found that France, the UK, the U.S., Germany and Portugal are the biggest long-haul markets for Africa. Hide Caption 5 of 7 7 photos: Big beasts, big business: The countries cashing in on wildlife tours There's more to wildlife tourism than safaris. Although 96% of operators questioned did offer them, bird watching tours, whale watching and a variety of treks also came under the UNWTO's census. One of the most popular non-safari activities in Zambia is a visit to Victoria Falls -- 30% of tourists will make the trip to the 1,708-meter wide falls, the " largest curtain of water in the world. Hide Caption 6 of 7 7 photos: Big beasts, big business: The countries cashing in on wildlife tours Globally there were 12 million wildlife tourism trips in 2013 (the last full year of data available), and numbers are rising 10% annually, suggesting positive signs for the industry -- should it counter the existential threats to it, such as "the dramatic increase

in poaching and illicit trade of wildlife products since 2005," which "threatens to undermine conservation achievements," according to UNTWO. Hide Caption 7 of 7

This view is bringing together an unlikely collection of suddenly like-minded critics. From the left and the right, there is a growing sense that the outpouring of grief for Cecil is unseemly.Story highlights Ryan Bell, former pastor turned atheist, says we don't need a divinity to find meaning

Bell: The absence of God has made him appreciate life and its potential even more

Ryan Bell is a writer and speaker on the topic of religion and irreligion in America. In January 2014, Ryan began a yearlong journey to explore the limits of theism and the atheist landscape in the United States. He blogs about his experience on www.YearWithoutGod.com.

(CNN) It was January 2014 and I was sitting on the beach in Malibu looking out at the seemingly endless Pacific Ocean, ebbing and flowing. I had just begun a personal project of challenging my lifelong assumption that God exists.

You see, I had been a Seventh-day Adventist pastor for 19 years. I resigned from my pastoral position the year before, but now I stepped away from my faith altogether. It was a gut-wrenching decision but I couldn't see any other way to find peace and clarity. I encountered major theological differences with my denomination and evangelical Christianity in general, including the way it marginalizes women and LGBT people.

Ryan Bell

I questioned the problem of evils and God's general silence and inactivity. I sought out more liberal theologies and found them to be the slow death of God. Now I had to face the very real possibility that God does not exist.

Would I discover that God was present and involved, or would I discover that the whole web of theological claims I had embraced and helped develop were false?

I was feeling small against the beautiful and terrifyingly indifferent sea before me. Then I started to feel grateful. "What are the chances that I would be sitting on this beach right now, looking at this remarkable scene of beauty?" I thought. I was struck again by how unlikely my existence is.

Read MoreStory highlights The 1984 documentary "Streetwise" followed runaway teens in Seattle

It evolved from an assignment by legendary photographer Mary Ellen Mark

Over the years, Mark kept up with her primary subject: a teen prostitute nicknamed "Tiny"

(CNN) How many people did Mary Ellen Mark photograph during her career?

Thousands? Tens of thousands?

How many faces did she find in obscurity -- and immortalize in celluloid?

From India to Iceland. Africa and Asia. Across the Middle East and Europe. In mental institutions and leprosy wards. Circuses. Bordellos. Street corners everywhere. Hers was a legend earned out in the world, over 50 years, without abandon.

She sought the "unfamous" and photographed them with empathy and technical mastery.

Read MoreStar Wars tickets are on sale, but fans who want them should brace themselves for a long, long wait.

First tickets for "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" were released in the U.K. on Monday, two months before the movie premiere. Fans in the U.S. will have to wait until Monday evening to reserve theirs.

The excitement soon gave way to frustration, after huge demand for the tickets caused the online booking systems of most major movie theaters to collapse.

Angry fans used Twitter and other social media to complain about having to wait hours for websites to respond, and theater chains were forced to admit defeat.

"Fleet Commander: The ODEON galaxy is experiencing heavy traffic but is now returning to normal force levels. Thanks for your patience," tweeted ODEON, a leading theater chain.

Check out the new official poster! Tune in to @ESPN's Monday Night Football for a new look at #TheForceAwakens. pic.twitter.com/NTRWLlVyID  Star Wars (@starwars) October 18, 2015

Cineworld also experienced problems, meaning some tickets did not go on sale as originally announced.

"We know just how excited our customers are about getting their hands on tickets and we're hoping to have the remaining tickets online shortly," it said in a statement.

The booking websites of Vue and PictureHouse movie theaters also kept crashing.

The first addition to the Star Wars franchise in a decade releases worldwide on December 18. It's also the first since Disney (DIS) acquired Lucasfilms from Star Wars creator George Lucas for $4 billion in 2012.

Fans in the U.S. will be able to purchase tickets after the trailer debuts during ESPN's Monday Night Football game between the Giants and Eagles.

Related: "Star Wars" teaser sends Twitter into lightspeed

Fans out in force for new Star Wars toysUh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.

SearchThis place has the highest income inequality in the U.S.A Tucson woman has developed a mobile application to block mean and hateful messages on social media and phone texting.

Michele Joel created the My Social Sitter app to combat an issue that hit home for her.

Joel said she was bullied as a child.

She is working with various schools to get more parents and students using this tool.

She said the app has 1,600 users across Arizona, Colorado, Indiana and Nevada.

The app works as a filter, and it can be downloaded to a child's mobile device.

When a child attempts to send out a mean or hateful message through social media, the app blocks the message from being delivered. Parents are then notified with an email.

Copyright 2015 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved.Kirsten Mundell planned to honor her father -- a deputy killed in the line of duty -- at her wedding. She wasn't aware that others were planning to do the same. CNN affiliate KOMO reports.Michael J. Fox wore a brand new pair of self-lacing "Back to the Future" sneakers to the "Jimmy Kimmel Live" show Wednesday.

He didn't just show up in the futuristic shoes.

He arrived on stage as Marty McFly, a passenger in a DeLorean driven by Christopher Lloyd in full Doc Brown mode.

The spectacular arrival was the culmination of Back to the Future Day to mark the date Marty and Doc landed in the 1989 "Back to the Future II" film.

The possibility of Nike actually marketing the shoes had sneakerheads and "Back to the Future" fans full of anticipation.

Nike did produce one pair of the shoe and sent it to Fox Wednesday.

The shoe company said it was making additional pairs to be auctioned in 2016 with the money going to support of the Michael J. Fox Foundation. The foundation does research into Parkinson's disease, which Fox was diagnosed with in 1991.

An auction of "Back to the Future" shoes in 2011 raised $9.4 million.

Word of the shoe got out when Fox tweeted, "The letter I received from Tinker today. Thanks @Nike."

Tinker appears to be Tinker Hatfield, a Nike shoe designer.

The letter I received from Tinker today. Thanks @Nike pic.twitter.com/UIolXrkUVC  Michael J. Fox (@realmikefox) October 21, 2015

In his note, "Tinker" writes, "As the first most celebrated wearer of the Nike Air Mag, we wanted you to be first to receive a 'living pair.'"

The note, which includes a drawing of Fox holding the new sneaker, went on to say, "In addition to your personal pair we're creating more pairs for support in aid of the Michael J. Fox Foundation."

This is real. This is today. Coming spring 2016. cc: @RealMikeFox @Nike pic.twitter.com/KPswXNojvA  michaeljfox.org (@MichaelJFoxOrg) October 21, 2015

Nike president and CEO Mark Parker said in a statement, "We started creating something for fiction and we turned it into fact."

In the film, McFly tries on a pair of grey Nike high-tops, known as "Nike MAGs," that to McFly's surprise self-lace.

"Power laces! Alright!" McFly says in the film.

.@realmikefox see you tomorrow.  Nike (@Nike) October 21, 2015

Nike's tweet had fans exclaiming "great Scott!" on social media over the possibility that the shoes are on the way.

Since the film's 1989 release, the shoes have become a longed-for item for the movie's fans and sneaker enthusiasts.

The company patented an "automatic lacing system" in 2008.

Related: It's 2015: Where's Nike's self-lacing shoes?Mark Zuckerberg just revealed the mission behind Facebook -- in Chinese.

The Facebook CEO shared his thoughts about the company's purpose in a 20-minute speech in Chinese that he gave while visiting Tsingua University in Beijing on Saturday.

In true Zuckerberg form, the milestone was accompanied by a Facebook post.

"I just gave my first ever speech in Chinese," he wrote.

Zuckerberg said he talked about the importance of having a "strong sense of mission" to effect meaningful change in the world.

"This was also my first real speech in any language sharing how I started thinking about Facebook's mission, what has kept me going through challenging times and what our mission means now looking ahead for our community of 1.5 billion people," he said.

I just gave my first ever speech in Chinese at Tsinghua University in Beijing -- on why you need a strong sense of... Posted by Mark Zuckerberg on Saturday, October 24, 2015

The video, which has English subtitles, also contains information about Facebook's history.

Zuckerberg, who joined the board of the university's economics school last year, applauded the university for being a "center of innovation."

"[M]any of the students here will become global leaders in technology, business and government," he wrote. "It's an honor to have the opportunity to help this university and talk with its students. I look forward to coming back again next year!"

In September, Zuckerberg carried on a conversation in Mandarin with Chinese President Xi Jinping.

"[T]his was the first time I've ever spoken with a world leader entirely in a foreign language. I consider that a meaningful personal milestone."

Related: China President Xi Jinping meets with Big Tech execs

Related: Beijing uses banned social media to promote Xi's U.S. visitLondon (CNN) Before the public are allowed to step through the heavy plastic butcher's curtains that line the art fair's entrance, most of Frieze's business is already done.

Even in economically sluggish Europe, the booths of the blue chip commercial galleries have been swarmed by record numbers of buyers on the opening day, prior to the arrival of the press and public, and artworks have been changing hands fast for six-figure (and the occasional seven-figure) sum.

But thankfully for the casual wanderer -- without $1 million to spare for a Hirst or a couple of Ai Weiweis -- there's stuff to see here too: some surprising bedrooms, an art fair for rabbits, an artist who will sketch your breasts, and a lot more.

Follow us on a lightning-quick catch-up of the most eye-catching events in the tent.

The thing you're most likely to hear passers-by mention in Frieze's big white gazebo? These two girls wandering around in tandem, wearing identical dresses, joined by their long, flowing hair.

Tunga's twins @friezeartfair #friezelondon #frieze #tunga #twins A photo posted by Sara Gilmour (@saragilmour) on Oct 15, 2015 at 12:32pm PDT

They look eerie and unnerving (if it's okay to call a couple of 12-year-olds that).

They're part of the Frieze Live performance program: a recreation of a 1984 work titled "Xifopagas Capilares" -- "Siamese hair twins," roughly -- by Brazilian artist Tunga.

If you're looking for something to take home for a fraction of the price of an Alex Katz painting, you can apparently by this work for only £20,000 -- although, you will need to procure your own children. For the price, you just get a certificate permitting you to recreate the performance with twins of your own.

Sculptures

Frieze's sculpture park returns with 16 new and historical works. It's the only part of the fair that's free and open to the public, and Park manager Nick Biddle says many are staying in place for another three months after the fair closes.

JUST WATCHED An exclusive drone's view of the Frieze Sculpture Park Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH An exclusive drone's view of the Frieze Sculpture Park 01:16

Indoors, Hauser & Wirth gallery has transformed their allotted floorspace into an open grid of 42 waist-high plinths topped by sculptures by Paul McCarthy, Martin Creed, Louise Bourgeois, and loads of others. It's one of the few spaces at the fair where works by big name artists have been bringing a little joy to visitors.

Private portraits

Thanks for the square boobs Ken Kagami. #friezelondon #frieze #kenkagami #boobs #portaitsession #nakedportrait #art #friezelive #friezelive2015 #friezelondon2015 #selfie #portrait A photo posted by Amelia Ayerst (@ohmyameliakate) on Oct 15, 2015 at 10:07am PDT

Take a right as you walk in and you'll head toward a Ken Kagami's table: it looks like a school desk propping up a big yellow clock and a baseball cap that's topped with a cuddly-toy plush penis and a breast.

Here, if you want him too, Kagami will draw yours: breasts if you're a woman, genitalia if you're a man. It only takes 30 seconds for the Tokyo-based artist to size you up, draw your genitals, and ting a bell to welcome the next portrait subject.

It has been surprisingly popular.

Frieze for rabbits

If you're desperate to escape the crowds at the fair, you can head down to the far end, where the Focus area holds emerging galleries and a miniature recreation of the fair itself, which visitors can duck into and listen to pop and classical tracks, made to suit the tastes of local wildlife.

The scale-model is the work of Rachel Rose, winner of the 2015 Frieze artist award, who has created a tent for Regent Park's wildlife, including recordings pitch-shifted and transformed to suit rabbit or fox ears.

The pre-show coverage promised indescribable trans-modulation of Bach, although when we were there it sounded a lot like Johnny Cash.

Silk homes

Seoul-born Do Ho Suh makes 1:1 recreations of places and objects from his memory out of a silk gauze. In each case, the sculptor meticulously builds architectural features -- sometimes entire houses -- from materials that recall the appearance of an architectural blueprint, but brought to life, in 3D.

At Victoria Miro's booth, you can see some ugly daily utilities transformed into ghostly sculptures. Looks even better in real life than it does in these images.

Felix the Cat

Here's Felix the Cat, maybe 20-foot-tall, looking as if he's made out of the inflatable plastic parachute material usually reserved for blow-up promotional Michelin Man figures.

At the Galerie Buchholz bazaar, gazing over some of the fair's most expensive works (Marian Goodman, White Cube and Spruth Magers galleries are situated nearby), Felix looks indifferent, kind of bored, but friendly.

He perhaps looks out of place at first, but each time you circle round, he looks more like he belongs, maybe even owns the place. The Frieze-goers spirit animal, maybe.

Bed

When it all gets too much, there's bed. Visitors can catch a quick nap in one of six rooms set up by art collective AYR. Unexpected moments of intimacy, here.Story highlights St. Joseph's Indian School raises over $50 million annually from donations

It sends waves of mailings across the country asking for help

A Native American leader denounces the tactics, calling them "poverty porn"

The school admits that the author of a begging letter does not exist

The boy's stories are heartbreaking: "My dad drinks and hits me ... my mom chose drugs over me ... my home on the reservation isn't a safe place for me to be," wrote Josh Little Bear. His request seems reasonable -- send a few dollars to help St. Joseph's Indian School to keep "kids like me safe ... so we don't have to live this way anymore."

The story, begging for help, is part of massive national marketing campaign involving 30 million pieces of a mail a year. And it's a successful one, raising more than $50 million last year.

But Josh Little Bear doesn't exist. It's not just a pseudonym to protect a child. The story is a fabrication, a compiling of events that may or may not have happened to paint a broad picture that Native American leaders say does not exist.

Officials at St. Joseph's Indian School -- a 200-person boarding school in Chamberlain, South Dakota, that's affiliated with a Roman Catholic charity based in Wisconsin -- say they send out waves of mailings three or four times a year.

Flags fly at the entrance to St. Joseph's Indian School.

The latest, a Christmas-oriented mailer, was sent in early November, according to the school's director of communications.

The packets include calendars, personalized return address stickers, notepads, elaborate stickers and a so-called "Dreamcatcher," a Native American handicraft that by tradition gives its owners good dreams.

The Christmas appeal introduced "Emily High Elk." A year ago when her family brought her to the school, the letter says, "(y)ou could see the hopelessness she felt in her dark brown eyes."

Now, the letter goes on, "her big bright smile reveals how her life has changed."

But again, "Emily High Elk," is more than a pseudonym. The girl whose life is described in the letter does not exist.

Children walk through the school after classes.

According to its financial statements, St. Joseph's Indian School raised more than $51 million last year from millions of Americans who donated because of those mailings.

CNN began receiving complaints about mailings like this more than two years ago. When asked about Josh Little Bear's letter, Kory Christianson, the director of development, wrote us that there was no such student.

"The name 'Josh Little Bear' is fictitious," he wrote, "but unfortunately, his story is not."

The letter, he added, "is a true story of the very real and challenging situations that far too many children face not only in the Native American community, but in families found in every sphere of society." He said it wasn't the "intention to disparage in any way the Native American community."

But some Native Americans say there is deliberate disparagement and that it's a marketing technique. A half-hour drive away from St. Joseph's is the Crow Creek Lakota Sioux reservation in central South Dakota, where its vice chairman, Leonard Pease, scoffed at the fundraising letter.

A sculpture of a teepee at St. Joseph's Indian School.

"That's how they get their money," he told CNN. "To me, they make the Indians look bad."

Michael Roberts, president of the First Nations Development Institute that aims to strengthen and support Native communities, went further. He termed the fundraising letter and the admission that the child is nonexistent as "poverty porn."

"They are raising money in the name of Indians, using the worst of poverty porn of all Indian country to raise money on all our social ills," said Roberts, whose Colorado-based group represents six Native American nonprofit organizations.

It seems that the money being raised is being used for the right reasons, as far as CNN could see. We were given a tour of the school but were not allowed to film. The complex, on the banks of the Missouri River, looks like a nice place and the children seemed happy, well-fed and well-housed.

We tried unsuccessfully to interview the leadership of St. Joseph's. The communications director, Jona Ohm, first invited us to meet the school president at the small museum operated by the school.

A view of the campus of St. Joseph's Indian School, on the banks of the Missouri River.

The president, Mike Tyrell, acknowledged that the mailings "push the edge" of marketing and asking about them "is a legitimate question." But Ohm told us to stop.

"You don't have permission to record in any way, shape or form," she said.

According to its own financial statement for 2013, St. Joseph's has abundant assets. Cash on hand was listed at more than $122 million in June 2013, an increase of more than $18.5 million over the previous year.Jay Parini, a poet and novelist, teaches at Middlebury College. He is the author of " Jesus: The Human Face of God ." The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) Why does Pope Francis stir respect, even love, in the hearts of millions, including non-Catholics? Like other Christians, I look to Francis for spiritual leadership. Here are 10 reasons why so many of us admire this pontiff, and why his examples set a moral challenge for us on many fronts.

Francis embodies humility, having taken on the name of St. Francis of Assisi, a servant of the poor whose love of the natural world was legendary. A master of symbolism, Francis quickly dispensed with the fancy red slippers that popes wore. He moved into a small apartment in the Vatican and put the papal Mercedes in the garage, favoring a 20-year-old Renault with 190,000 miles on it.

Pope Francis' gestures challenge us to live humbly and not be driven by ostentation. How many of us have tried to live with less in a smaller house, drive an older car or resole a pair of shoes?

Pope Francis has put the church at the center of this subject, issuing a major encyclical on the environmental crisis that befalls us. In this hefty document, he urges all Christians to consider it their duty to become faithful stewards of their planet. He has seized on the issue of exploitation. "Isn't nature humanity committing suicide with this indiscriminate and tyrannical use of nature?" He asked recently.

Jay Parini

Here's the challenge for you: Are you respecting the natural world and working against its despoiling? Have you managed to drive less, find alternative sources of energy or make a habit of recycling?

3. Commitment to the poor

Hardly a day passes without the Pope reminding his followers to care for those at the margins of society. He has toured impoverished countries, drawing attention to those in need. Boldly, he says the poor everywhere are being sacrificed at the "altar of money."

Are we, many of whom call ourselves Christians, finding room in our hearts (and wallets) for those around us who lack shelter, food and clothing? Do we pay only lip service to the concept of charity?

4. Capitalism on trial

It's no wonder that some have found this pope's attitude toward the world economic order provocative.

He has widely denounced "a new colonialism" that creates policies with dire implications for the poor, and once quoted a fourth-century bishop who characterized the unbridled pursuit of money as "the dung of the devil." He has argued that poor nations must not play the subservient role of providers of raw materials and cheap workers for wealthy countries.

Have we become too greedy for all our own good? With rising income inequality, are we mere helpless bystanders while we see the rich getting richer, the middle class getting poorer and the poor getting even poorer?

5. Gays in the church

One of this pope's first shockers was a statement on gays in the church. "If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?" He famously asked. This statement marked a huge departure from the attitude of his predecessor in the Vatican, who called homosexuality "an intrinsic moral evil."

"Judge not lest ye be judged yourself," Jesus told us, and it's a present challenge for most Christians almost every day.

Are you too quick to judge others? Are you opening your life to gay men and women, and treating them with respect and equality?

6. Women are equal

Francis hasn't yet argued for allowing women into the priesthood, much to the dismay of many (including myself). But he has shown a willingness to listen, supporting "the work of deepening and of promoting" the role of women in the church.

It's not easy when, like me, you were born into a patriarchal world, where it's easy to take male privilege for granted. So we must try to be more aware, and to stand up for equal treatment of women in the workplace, to fight for pay parity and to take seriously the hard work of childrearing.

7. Reaching out to Islam

Francis reached out to Islam in striking fashion. On Holy Thursday in 2013, he bent to wash the feet of two Muslims, drawing international attention. And he has allied himself with the Palestinians several times, inviting President Mahmoud Abbas to the Vatican, where he called him "an angel of peace."

Have we talked about Islam, or other religions, in ways that reflect badly on us and them? We are all God's children, and there are no exceptions. Do we allow people to speak in anti-Muslim ways without correcting their misconceptions?

8. Accepting science as valid

Going back to Galileo, the church has frequently been at odds with science. But Francis has called for a reconciliation between science and theology, putting the weight of his office behind evolution as well as Big Bang theory. "God is not a magician with a magic wand," he says. In this, he stands apart from his predecessor, Benedict XVI, who supported creationism and intelligent design. Francis argues that God "created human beings and let them develop according to the internal laws that he gave to each one so they would reach their fulfillment."

To what degree have you tried to understand the tensions between science and religion, and to take the gift of reason seriously? When people deny climate change, do you attempt to tell them about the awful ramifications of no action?

9. A global vision

One of Pope Francis' first gestures was to invite the Israelis and the Palestinians to the Vatican to "pray for peace." And he was quick to put his moral force to use in helping to ease relations between the United States and Cuba. He has traveled widely, with open ears, listening to voices from every part of society.

Are we open to the broader world, its needs and sometimes urgent requests? Do we see that problems in the Middle East or China, for instance, affect us more than we realize?

10. Everybody's pope

Pope Francis is asking us to live up to what Abraham Lincoln famously called "the better angels of our nature." He is an agent of peace and reconciliation, of action and betterment. "He's become the new Nelson Mandela, the new source of moral authority in the world," says John Allen, an editor of Crux, a Catholic journal. "The papacy has not been this politically relevant since the end of the Cold War."

This pope has put many urgent questions before us. Are you listening? Will you act?

Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion.

Read CNNOpinion's Flipboard magazine.Story highlights 2015 Nobel Prize in physics went to two researchers for their groundbreaking research on neutrinos

Don Lincoln: Evidence that neutrinos have mass might lead us to understand the nature of antimatter

(CNN) October is a sweet month for the scientific community. That's when the annual Nobel Prize in physics is announced. Tuesday's award -- in a pleasant surprise for particle physicists -- went to Takaaki Kajita of the University of Tokyo and Arthur B. McDonald of Queen's University in Canada for their groundbreaking research on neutrino oscillations.

Neutrinos -- electrically neutral subatomic particles -- are everywhere in the universe. They're like ghosts of the subatomic world, interacting so little with ordinary matter that they can pass through the entire Earth with hardly a flutter. They are also chameleons that can change their identity, much as if ordinary cats could change into tigers and then lions, before changing back into cats again.

Don Lincoln

Neutrinos were originally thought to be massless since they move at nearly the speed of light. But with this idea, scientists ran into discrepancies in their many measurements. What Kajita and McDonald found is that, actually, neutrinos do have mass, and this may change our understanding of matter as well as the universe. As the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences rightly puts it, "For particle physics, this was a historic discovery."

2015 Nobel Prize in physics: What are neutrinos?

After years of indications, in 1998 the Super-Kamiokande experiment in Japan, led by Kajita, found definitive proof that neutrinos created in the Earth's atmosphere by cosmic rays from space were changing their identity. A few years later, in 2001, the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory facility, helmed by McDonald, were able to determine that neutrinos created in nuclear reactions in the sun were morphing their identities between three distinct types of flavors.

Read MoreNational correspondent

Jeanne Moos is a national news correspondent based in New York. During her 34 years at CNN, Moos has covered national and international issues and ground-breaking news and features, but she soon carved out a niche with her off-beat, thoughtful reporting on the quirkier aspects of life.Hurricane Patricia, one of the most powerful storms on record, has forced the cancellation of hundreds of airline flights from Mexico to Texas and the recall of a cruise ship to Los Angeles.

But so far the impact on the travel industry has been limited because the massive storm is hitting before the holiday season starts in late November. Mexico is also a popular tourist destination for spring break and during the summer months.

As of early afternoon Friday, more than 700 flights had been canceled in North America, mostly in and out of Dallas-Forth Worth International Airport, which has been hit with scattered thunderstorms and wind, according to Flightstats.com, a website that monitors flight delays and cancellations.

------------

FOR THE RECORD

Oct. 23, 3:25 p.m.: An earlier version of this post said that more than 1,000 flights had been canceled. In fact, more than 700 flights had been canceled in North American and more than 1,000 flights had been canceled worldwide.

------------

Gustavo Diaz Ordaz International Airport in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, was closed. About 40 flights were canceled 40 Friday morning.

Los Angeles International Airport reported 13 canceled flights and nearly 200 delayed.

Santa Clarita-based Princess Cruises announced via Twitter that it was rerouting the Ruby Princess from a scheduled call Friday in the port of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. Instead it will spend a day at sea and return to Los Angeles on Sunday.

Patricia was upgraded overnight to a Category 5 hurricane -- with the strongest winds ever recorded in the Western Hemisphere -- after growing at an incredible rate over a 12-hour span, according to the World Meteorological Organization,

The Puerto Vallarta Tourism Board issued the following statement Friday:

"Preventive evacuation of residents and tourists began October 22. Some 16 shelters in safe areas around Puerto Vallarta are in operation and buses are continuing evacuations to Guadalajara. The majority of visitors and residents from the Historic Center and the Hotel Zone along Puerto Vallartas beaches have been evacuated. The airport is closed until further notice."

To read more about travel, tourism and the airline industry, follow me on Twitter at @hugomartin.CHAUTAUQUA, N.Y. (AP)  Bigfoot believers gathered Saturday in western New York, convinced the legendary Sasquatch has left its footprints all over the region.

About 100 people sported buttons saying "I believe" and swapped stories at the fourth annual Chautauqua Lake Bigfoot Expo.

Organizer Peter Wiemer knows it may not be the first topic that comes to mind in the rural county, best known for the Chautauqua Institution, a summer retreat devoted to scholarly and artistic pursuits.

"You say Bigfoot in a room full of people and watch everyone stop and look to see who's talking," he said with a laugh.

And while he may have started the event as a way to draw people to the tourist-dependent region and his family's rental cottages, he said he has since met dozens of people who are certain they've seen one of the ape-like creatures in the area, far from the oft-cited Pacific Northwest.

Wiemer is now enough of a devotee that he's tried to get New York state to put Sasquatch on its list of endangered species, alongside the mud turtle, the golden eagle and the cougar.

View gallery Plaster casts and framed photos line one of the display tables at the 4th annual Chautauqua Lake Big 

The Department of Environmental Conservation isn't convinced. Its 2012 response in part: "This mythical animal does not exist in nature or otherwise. ... No program or action in relation to mythical animals is warranted."

Don't tell that to Julia Karanasky, who was afraid she had a peeping Tom when she became aware of a large figure clearing his throat outside her bedroom window on her second night in her Niagara Falls home in 2009. Then she heard the stories of regular Bigfoot sightings on the nearby Tuscarora Indian Reservation.

"I keep telling people, 'I think he came to my house that night,'" said Karanasky, who sat in the front row for the expo's lectures.

Speakers included Steve Kulls, an Adirondacks-based Sasquatch detective who debunks Bigfoot hoaxes while seeking out credible reports, and Ken Gerhard, a cryptozoologist in pursuit of evidence of mystery creatures including the Loch Ness Monster, the chupacabra and werewolves.

Dave Wargo said that years ago he smelled the pungent beast before he saw it standing on railroad tracks near the Allegheny National Forest in Pennsylvania.

View gallery Conservationist Tricia Bergstue from the Chautauqua Watershed Conservancy and field biologist Jamie 

"People make fun of you," said Wargo, who has appeared on Animal Planet's "Finding Bigfoot" series. "But I know what I saw."

Yeti, Sasquatch, Ape-Man, Bigfoot. No matter the name, sightings have been reported in virtually every state, with more than 100 listed in New York and more than 250 in neighboring Ohio. Washington state leads, with more than 600 reports, according to the Bigfoot Field Researchers Association.

Numerous conferences like Saturday's take place around the country each year.

___

This story has been corrected to show the woman's surname is Karanasky, not Karansky.President Obama on Saturday introduced new federal guidelines to curb the emphasis on standardized testing in public schools, signaling a turnaround on a subject that has in recent years grown to new heights of contention.

Mr. Obama is now calling for standardized testing to take up to 2 percent of class time, compared to the 2.3 percent now used by the average eighth-grader, reports The Associated Press.

Standardized tests became mandatory in 2001 for students in third grade and higher under No Child Left Behind, a law legislators voted to overhaul in July.

Recommended: 1912 eighth grade exam: Could you make it to high school in 1912?

Students currently spend 20 to 25 hours each school year taking standardized tests, according to a study of the nation's 66 largest school districts also released Saturday by the Council of Great City Schools.

While Obama cannot enforce the new policy in individual states or districts, the Department of Education has rolled out a plan that would help these local governments reevaluate their testing programs, The Wall Street Journal reports.

Learning is about so much more than just filling in the right bubble, the president said in a video announcement posted on Facebook. So were going to work with states, school districts, teachers, and parents to make sure that were not obsessing about testing.

The administrations recommendations are focused on three basic principles, he said.

First, our kids should only take tests that are worth taking, Obama said. Tests shouldnt occupy too much classroom time or crowd out teaching and learning. Tests should enhance teaching and learning. And third, tests should be just one source of information.

Obamas announcement Saturday acknowledged its own role in the proliferation of tests, writes The New York Times.

I still have no question that we need to check at least once a year to make sure our kids are on track or identify areas where they need support, said Secretary of Education Arne Duncan. But I cant tell you how many conversations Im in with educators who are understandably stressed and concerned about an overemphasis on testing in some places and how much time testing and test prep are taking from instruction.

The shift to a more moderate approach to testing comes as teachers unions and parents have protested what they call over-testing, and an increasing number of parents and students this year decided to "opt out" from required exams, The Christian Science Monitor reported.

The Department of Education has for months been piloting alternative assessments to statewide standardized testing, the Monitor reported.

A number of public school districts in New Hampshire, for example, were the first to debut a pilot program this year focusing on whats known as competency-based learning, a tasks-based review of how to apply new subject material.

It fits into a much bigger conversation about ... how we can create a humane assessment system thats useful to teachers but also useful to states and the federal government for holding schools accountable, Julia Freeland, a research fellow at the Clayton Christensen Institute for Disruptive Innovation, told the Monitor.

This report contains material from The Associated Press.

Related stories

Read this story at csmonitor.com

Become a part of the Monitor communityPlease enable Javascript

Javascript needs to be enabled in your browser to use Yahoo Katie Couric.

Heres how to turn it on: https://help.yahoo.com/kb/enable-javascript-browser-sln1648.htmlBy Amanda Orr

HOUSTON (Reuters) - Heavy rains fueled by the meeting of two strong storm systems, one the remnants of Hurricane Patricia, pounded southeastern Texas on Saturday, triggering flash floods and derailing a freight train as the heavy weather tracked toward Houston.

Navarro County, about 50 miles (80 km) south of Dallas, was one of the hardest-hit areas, inundating the tiny town of Powell with 20 inches (50 cm) of rain over 30 hours, according to meteorologist Brett Rathbun of Accuweather.

A flash flood was so forceful it swept a Union Pacific freight train off the tracks, pushing locomotives and some rail cars on their sides. No injuries were reported.

County authorities requested sandbags for homes being evacuated due to flooding and Interstate 45 was shut down in some spots in Navarro County due to rising waters, stranding drivers.

Taylor Bates, 19, said she had not been home since Friday, when both of the roads to her home in an unincorporated area of the county flooded and partially washed away.

View gallery Siobhan Nelson, 4, uses an umbrella to guard against rain while standing near a road flooded by Bull 

My mom is stuck at the house and she cant leave, but the house is OK, she said. But I cant get home. Both ways to get to our house are flooded.

Some 75 water rescues from vehicles, homes and businesses had been carried out in Navarro County since Friday, Sheriff Elmer Tanner said.

There were no confirmed deaths from the deluge, but in San Antonio, a woman reported that her boyfriend was swept into a drainage ditch as he walked his dog early Saturday. Officials said he was considered missing.

But as evening fell and the storm moved eastward, cities in the state's flood-prone Gulf of Mexico region, including Houston, braced for potential floods. Rain systems intensified by Patricia, now a tropical depression after crashing into Mexico's west coast as a powerful hurricane, were pushing across the state.

Houston, the state's second-most populous metropolitan area with 6.1 million people, was under a tornado watch until 10 p.m. (0300 GMT Sunday).

View gallery Siobhan Nelson, 4, uses an umbrella to guard against the rain while visiting a flooded road near her 

Saturday's rainfall led to the cancellation of about 100 flights at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, one of the country's busiest air hubs, according to tracking service FlightAware.

In the Galveston area, authorities urged a voluntary evacuation of the elderly and residents with medical issues on the Bolivar Peninsula near Galveston Bay.

The conditions could hinder transportation to and from the peninsula. Power outages are also possible as a result of gale force winds, authorities said.

Forecasters predicted 8 to 12 inches (20 to 30 cm) of rain will hit the coastal area by Monday morning, combined with tides up to 5 feet (1.5 meter) and wind gusts up to 35 mph overnight on Saturday.

Houston Mayor Annise Parker warned residents to stay away from wet roads after dark and be aware that flooding is likely. Even so, some residents eyed the coming storms with some indifference.

"In Houston it's always like that when it rains; it's going to flood," said Vittorio Preteroti, owner and chef of the upscale Perbacco Italian restaurant in downtown Houston, before the eatery opened for dinner.

Nonetheless, officials reminded residents of deadly flooding in the past and urged vigilance.

"Unfortunately some people lost their lives in high-water incidents," said Harris County Judge Ed Emmett, whose county includes Houston. "We're going to get a lot of rain tonight and its going to result in some high water situations so for heavens sake be careful out there."

Retailers in the area reported that locals made a run on supplies in anticipation of the floods.

"We've seen a spike in the sales of bottled water, bread, milk, canned meats, fruit and even items such as charcoal, which customers use to barbecue if theres a power outage at their homes," said Kristal Howard, public relations manager for Kroger Southwest.

The weekend deluge marked the second time in five months that severe weather hammered parts of Texas. In May, a series of storms triggered floods and led to 21 deaths, prompting President Barack Obama to declare disaster areas in parts of the state.

(Additional reporting by Lisa Maria Garza in Dallas; Jim Forsyth in San Antonio, Karen Brooks in Austin, Alex Dobuzinskis and Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Editing by Frank McGurty, Cynthia Osterman and Marguerita Choy)Now watching Paused Up next 1:24 

Police: 3 Dead in Okla. State Parade Crash

Police say three people were killed and nearly two dozen are injured -- 7 of them critically -- after a drunk driver struck a homecoming parade at Oklahoma State University. The driver was taken into custody on a DUI charge. (Oct. 24)Now watching Paused Up next 7:29 

What Happens If the Yuan Becomes a Reserve Currency?

Oct. 23 -- Paul Donovan, UBS Investment Bank global economist, discusses the possibility of the yuan joining the IMFs basket of reserve currencies and the outlook for the global economy with Bloomberg's Joe Weisenthal on "What'd You Miss?"By Lizbeth Diaz and David Alire Garcia

CHAMELA, Mexico (Reuters) - Hurricane Patricia caused less damage than feared on Mexico's Pacific coast on Saturday, but hammered an isolated part of the shoreline dotted with luxury villas and fishing villages, where the storm and its 165 mph (266 kph) winds landed.

Thousands of residents and tourists fled the advance of the storm, one of the strongest in recorded history, seeking refuge in hastily arranged shelters.

There were no early reports of deaths and it appeared major damage was averted as Patricia missed tourist centers like Puerto Vallarta and the major cargo port of Manzanillo.

However, the storm carved through small rural villages, ripping corrugated metal roofing off modest brick homes and uprooting trees, with the forceful winds sucking the leaves off them.

"I've lost everything, I don't even have anywhere to sleep," said Roberto Gonzalez, a farmer, as he salvaged belongings from mangled debris of trash, toys and branches strewn across his hamlet of Chamela near the coast of Jalisco state, which took a direct hit.

View gallery A woman is pictured in her badly damaged home after it was hit by Hurricane Patriacia in the town of 

His mattress was tossed about 20 feet (6 meters) away from his house. A hole gaped where his roof used to sit. Power lines were knocked down in some of the worst damage electricity board repairmen had ever seen.

Around three-quarters of some 50 modest homes in Chamela were wrecked. Residents had been evacuated to a shelter.

Phone lines remain down where the storm hit in the nearby settlement of Cuixmala, the site of one of Mexico's most exclusive getaways located between Manzanillo and Puerto Vallarta. It was unclear how bad the situation was there.

Flooding streets and battering buildings, Patricia hit land as a Category 5 hurricane on Friday evening before grinding inland. It moved quickly but lost power in the mountains that rise up along the Pacific coast and was downgraded to a tropical depression on Saturday as it headed through central Mexico.

Experts said the storm's speed meant it did not saturate the ground and trigger the major flooding feared. It was then broken up by high mountains, limiting the damage.

View gallery An advertising structure felled by wind is seen after the passing of Hurricane Patricia in Melaque, 

"The most important thing is that you are safe, that the menacing force of this hurricane could be faced and overcome and most importantly that you followed the recommendations of emergency services," President Enrique Pena Nieto said during a visit to Colima, which escaped the worst of the storm.

In Puerto Vallarta, where 15,000 tourists had been hastily evacuated on Friday night, hotel workers began sweeping up the debris and removing boards from windows as the sun peeked out of the clouds. The airport reopened to start ferrying tourists back home and buses crowded the streets.

Away from the more populated areas, residents described awaking to a scene of chaos after a terrifying night.

"We were sobbing, I thought everything was going to collapse around us," said Jose Angel Perez, 58, who sells coconuts in the municipality of Casimiro Castillo in Jalisco state, which lay in the storm's path. Whipping winds blew part of his roof away.

In its march north, Patricia was likely to make matters worse in Texas, which saw heavy rains overnight from a separate storm system that caused flooding powerful enough to knock over a freight train. Officials said moisture from Patricia would increase the intensity of rains swamping parts of the state by Sunday.

View gallery Roadsigns felled by wind is seen after the passing of Hurricane Patricia in Melaque, Mexico October 

In Puerto Vallarta, most of the evacuated tourists had been able to return to their hotels on Friday night, officials said.

Patricia's edges brushed Manzanillo port, a main transit point for Mexico's car and mining exports. But there was no major damage and operations were set to resume on Saturday afternoon.

MEGA-STORM

At one point generating sustained winds of up to 200 mph (322 kph), Patricia was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Western Hemisphere. Even though it lost some power before coming ashore, it was still a Category 5 storm, the strongest on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. Such storms are relatively rare and are capable of causing devastating destruction.

Patricia's ferocious core was relatively small, with hurricane force winds extending 35 miles (55 km) from the center, the U.S National Hurricane Center said. This meant Puerto Vallarta and Manzanillo were spared the worst.

View gallery The damaged roof of a Pemex gas station is seen in Casimiro, Mexico October 24, 2015. REUTERS/Edgard 

The hurricane's center hit land on Friday evening near the area of Cuixmala, the NHC said.

Founded by Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith, the resort at Cuixmala has played host over the years to a colorful assortment of world leaders, musicians and eccentric billionaires.

Maria Pavon, a Cuixmala reservations booker based in the inland city of Colima, said there were no guests staying when the storm hit as they had all been evacuated. But there was no word yet on the state of the resort. She and colleagues had been unable to make contact as phone lines were down, Pavon said.

The area around Cuixmala is sparsely populated, but there are small towns, and it was not clear yet how much damage they had suffered.

Once inland, Patricia rapidly lost power. By Saturday afternoon, it had degenerated from a tropical depression into a remnant low with maximum winds down to about 30 mph (48 kph), the Miami-based Hurricane Center said.

View gallery A man holds the hand of a child as they look at an area damaged by Hurricane Patricia on the outskir 

Patricia was located about 45 miles (72 km) southwest of the city of Monterrey, heading northeast at 22 mph (35 kph), the center said.

It could, however, pose a flood threat, the NHC said.

Patricia became a tropical storm on Thursday and strengthened with stunning speed as it closed in on the Mexican coast. Meteorological authorities compared it to Typhoon Haiyan, which killed over 6,300 people in the Philippines in 2013.

The strongest storm on record was Cyclone Tip which hit Japan in 1979.

(Additional reporting by David Alire Garcia in Puerto Vallarta, Christine Murray, Dave Graham and Joanna Zuckerman Bernstein in Mexico City and Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Writing by Gabriel Stargardter and Simon Gardner; Editing by Mary Milliken, Cynthia Osterman and Marguerita Choy)Now watching Paused Up next 1:24 

Police: 3 Dead in Okla. State Parade Crash

Police say three people were killed and nearly two dozen are injured -- 7 of them critically -- after a drunk driver struck a homecoming parade at Oklahoma State University. The driver was taken into custody on a DUI charge. (Oct. 24)Now watching Paused Up next 1:24 

Police: 3 Dead in Okla. State Parade Crash

Police say three people were killed and nearly two dozen are injured -- 7 of them critically -- after a drunk driver struck a homecoming parade at Oklahoma State University. The driver was taken into custody on a DUI charge. (Oct. 24)You have chosen to receive our #NAMED_LISTS# newsletters at #EMAIL_ADDRESS#. You will receive an e-mail shortly confirming your subscription. So excited to have you!

xoxo,

Refinery 29Will be right back... Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue.More For Better or For Worse (color version)The Boston Bruins new Winter Classic jersey is an homage to the teams beginnings.

Look at the above shot of the jersey the team released Saturday, which combines the Bruins old logo with the teams current color scheme.

From the Bruins website:

To celebrate this historic rivalry matchup, Reebok designers looked to the early days of the Bruins franchise. The inspiration for the design of the full uniform and the crest generally came from the first uniform ever worn by the Bruins during their inaugural season in 1924, under legendary coach Art Ross. The striping pattern recalls this original uniform, but has been updated in the Bruins current identity colors of Black & Gold, connecting the past and current Bruins color identity.

Its certainly a bit different than Bostons 2010 Winter Classic jersey, which had quite a bit more yellow and the teams classic B crest.

[Play Yahoo Daily Fantasy and get a 100% deposit bonus with your first deposit]

The arm numbers are quite large, which has become typical for Stadium Series jerseys in recent year, so fans can more easily pick out the players. They also are made to mimic old arm numbers "in a retro off white coloration, with traditional stitching techniques."

View gallery . Photo from Boston Bruins website

The logo itself is made with "felt and chenille materials, similar to the original crest."

View gallery . Photo from Boston Bruins website

Sports Logos pointed out maybe the most unique part of the jersey. It's the collar, which is designed to look like a traditional hockey sweater.

View gallery . Photo from sportslogos.net

Here is another shot of the jersey:

View gallery . Photo from Boston Bruins website

The Bruins will play the Montreal Canadiens in the 2016 Winter Classic at Gillette Stadium on Jan. 1.

So what do you think?

PASS OR FAIL: Boston Bruins 2016 Winter Classic jerseys.

- - - - - - -

Josh Cooper is an editor for Puck Daddy on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter! Follow @joshuacooper

MORE FROM YAHOO HOCKEYDEAR ABBY: My son, a widower with two boys, ages 6 and 9, has just informed me that his 33-year-old girlfriend, "Karen," is pregnant and due in five months. He started seeing her three months after his wife died, and they have been an item for eight months. She has been staying at his house every weekend, and plans to move in with him soon.

I think this relationship has moved too fast and they are clueless about how all this will affect the boys. My son has told me I need to "get over it, it's his life and his kids." Is there anything I can do to help the boys process all of this and adjust to the new situation? -- WISE LADY IN THE SOUTH

DEAR WISE LADY: Nowhere in your letter have you mentioned that the boys are depressed or acting out. They probably like Karen or the relationship wouldn't have lasted as long as it has.

It appears that in trying to be helpful you may have come across as negative or judgmental. If that's true, apologize to your son and suggest that if the adjustment becomes difficult for his boys, a family therapist could help to nip any problems in the bud. Then cross your fingers and hope it isn't necessary.

DEAR ABBY: My husband and I have been married 10 years. Half of his family are smokers. Every year, there has been a family gathering at his dad's house. Since the birth of my first child, smoking has become forbidden in that home.

This year, however, the party will be held at the home of another where smoking will be permitted. I can't handle smoke. It gives me a sore throat and I cough for a week after exposure. Because of my reaction and for the health of my children, I don't want to attend. (When we get home we have to immediately shower and launder our clothing to get rid of the smell.)

My husband is adamant that we should attend and bring the kids. He was raised around smoking and doesn't see what the "big deal" is. What can I say or do to convince him not to force me and our children to be exposed to the health hazards of secondhand smoke? Am I being unreasonable because it's only one night a year? -- HATER OF SMOKING IN WEST VIRGINIA

DEAR HATER OF SMOKING: I think so. Much as you might like, you can't raise your children in a bubble. I would hate to see you isolate your children from their aunts, uncles, cousins and any grandparents who are still alive during their once-a-year holiday celebration.

If you would prefer not to attend because you can't stand the smell of the smoke, stay home. But do not prevent your children from knowing the family. Assuming they don't have health issues, one evening of exposure to cigarette smoke shouldn't be harmful.

Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Contact Dear Abby at www.DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

For everything you need to know about wedding planning, order "How to Have a Lovely Wedding." Send your name and mailing address, plus check or money order for $7 (U.S. funds) to: Dear Abby, Wedding Booklet, P.O. Box 447, Mount Morris, IL 61054-0447. (Shipping and handling are included in the price.)Hes not your typical United States Senate candidate.

Standing 6-feet 8-inches tall with a shaved head, his arms inked with tattoos, at first glance, John Fetterman, the mayor of Braddock, Pennsylvania, looks more like a motorcycle club member on Sons of Anarchy than a potential Capitol Hill lawmaker.

But theres far more than meets the eye to the Democratic hopeful, who is vying for the seat currently held by Republican Sen. Pat Toomey.

Sitting down with ABC News at The Science Club in Washington, D.C., Fetterman talked about his tenure as mayor, his Senate campaign, and what he hopes to bring to the table on Capitol Hill.

Fettermans most talked about tattoos are both on his forearms. One marks Braddock's ZIP code, "15104," which he got after winning the three-way Democratic primary for mayor in 2005, besting the incumbent by just one vote. His other tattoo is more serious. These represent the dates of people that have been killed through violence in my community since I've been mayor, he explained.

While he first faces a crowded Democratic primary race, which includes Katie McGinty and Joe Sestak, Fetterman -- who a Philadelphia Inquirer columnist referred to as a big ball of authenticity entering a campaign where that has been sorely missing -- said if hes elected senator, he plans to underscore the need to decriminalize drugs in the ongoing debate about gun control.

A lot of the deaths on my arm are young black males that are involved in the drug trade, he said. Fetterman added that discussing proposed gun control measures needs to be a common conversation where we just have to say enough is enough.

The steel town mayor said that some people take him more seriously when they find out he holds a Harvard graduate degree. And while hes grateful for his education, Fetterman -- whose wife is a former undocumented worker -- expressed great concern about education, income, and opportunity inequality in America.

It's not because I did something special or I'm intelligent or anything. It's just because of the family I was born into, this random lottery of birth that occurs that ... is so hard to escape if you're born into a community like mine, he explained.

"It's just not fair and it's un-American and I think that really underpins why I'm running, Fetterman added.

ABC News' Veronica Stracqualursi, Tom Thornton, Jasmine Spencer and John Bullard contributed to this production.Now watching Paused Up next 1:24 

Police: 3 Dead in Okla. State Parade Crash

Police say three people were killed and nearly two dozen are injured -- 7 of them critically -- after a drunk driver struck a homecoming parade at Oklahoma State University. The driver was taken into custody on a DUI charge. (Oct. 24)By Kaye Foley



The new movie Suffragette, starring Carey Mulligan, Helena Bonham Carter and Meryl Streep, tells of the hard-fought battle for the right to vote for women in the United Kingdom in the early 1900s.

The film centers around working-class Maud Watts, played by Mulligan, as she becomes disillusioned with her everyday reality and joins the suffragette movement at great personal sacrifice.

COMPLETE INTERVIEW

Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric discussed the making of the movie, the real suffragettes and their lasting relevance in the world with Mulligan, director Sarah Gavron, screenwriter Abi Morgan and co-producer Alison Owen.

Gavron said she made the movie because she couldnt believe there had never been a big-screen version of this story. She continued, Its such an important part of our history. It felt like it was timely and overdue to resurrect this story of these women who had fought this incredible battle and really changed the course of history.

THE STORY BEHIND SUFFRAGETTE

An extensive amount of research was required for all involved with the film. Morgan said, I started to realize there was this other level of suffrage amongst the working-class women.  When they went to riots and when they were arrested, they would come back and theyd lose their jobs. So we suddenly realized this could be a very modern-day telling in a way of so many of the conditions that affected these women. It felt very resonant today.

The team behind Suffragette also faced many challenges during the six years it took for it to be made. One was to convince everyone that we wanted to tell this story on a big landscape. We didnt want to just make a small art movie, said Owen. They also wanted to tell the story of a suffragette like a Mrs. Banks suffragette and not the raw story of the working-class women.

THE CHARACTERS OF SUFFRAGETTE

While the movie tells the story of a fictionalized, composite character, Maud, she interacts with historical figures in the U.K. womens suffrage movement, including Emmeline Pankhurst, played by Streep, and Emily Wilding Davison, played by Natalie Press.

The suffragettes followed a campaign of militant civil disobedience, believing deeds, not words were the path to the vote. The women would engage in activities such as throwing rocks at storefront windows and damaging private property.

SUFFRAGETTE: A MODERN TALE

Though the movie captures the history of the suffrage movement, the filmmakers hope that the message and spirit of the film will be inspiring to women everywhere.

Its not just a documentary about a time, said Mulligan. Its not just saying, This happened and we owe them a great deal and thats brilliant. Its saying, That happened and we do owe them, but look where we are now. If you look globally, we have much farther to go. I hope it makes people feel empowered to speak up and do something.

Suffragette opens in select theaters on Oct. 23.

FREDRICKSBURG, Va. (AP)  Two male students in Virginia have been arrested and accused of plotting an attack at their high school, law enforcement officials said Saturday.

The teens were planning to call in a bomb threat at Riverbend High School in Fredericksburg, which they attend, and then shoot at students and staff as they evacuated the building, said Capt. Jeff Pearce of the Spotsylvania County Sheriff's office. The students, ages 15 and 17, are charged with conspiracy to commit murder and are being held without bond at a juvenile detention center, officials said.

Spotsylvania County Sheriff Roger Harris applauded law enforcement officers and school administrators, saying they worked together to successfully thwart the plot.

"We were able to mitigate the danger, long before it presented any chance of coming to fruition and there was no immediate threat to the safety of the kids," Harris said in a statement.

The sheriff's office declined to name the teens, saying it doesn't identify juvenile suspects unless they are charged with a capital felony. Officials say no one else is thought to have been involved in the conspiracy.

A sheriff's deputy who works as a student resource officer arrested the first teen on Oct. 12 after the teen threatened another student via social media, Pearce said. Through that investigation, officials learned about the larger shooting plot and the link to the other student, who was arrested Friday, according to Pearce.

Pearce said authorities discovered the plot by conducting interviews, reviewing communication between the students and their social media accounts. The teens hadn't set a date for the attack, he added.

After searching the teens' homes, authorities said, they found more evidence that allowed them to charge the students with conspiracy to commit murder, Pearce said. He declined to say what kind of evidence was found.Discussions about containing recent violence between Israelis and Palestinians in Jerusalem have led to a proposed technological solution  an increase of security cameras.

US Secretary of State John Kerry called the camera idea "an excellent suggestion."

"This will provide comprehensive visibility and transparency and that could really be a game changer in discouraging anybody from disturbing the sanctity of the holy site," Mr. Kerry said.

Recommended: How much do you know about the Palestinians? Take our quiz

King Abdullah II of Jordan suggested adding security cameras to the Al-Aqsa mosque and Western Wall compound as a way to curb the recent attacks in Jerusalem has experienced in recent weeks.

Kerry said that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would announce the addition of the cameras  and affirm an ongoing agreement that non-Muslims may visit the site but not pray there  on Saturday night. A joint Israeli and Jordanian team is set to work on technical details for the security cameras in the next few days.

Jordan hosted the talks in its capitol both because of the working relationship Jordan and Israel have had since signing a peace treaty in 1994, and because Jordan is the compound's official custodian.

This management of the Al-Aqsa mosque is vitally important to Jordan, where more than half the population identifies as a Palestinian refugee or the child or grandchild of one. The iconic Dome of the Rock structure adorns Jordan's paper money, and the government rejected efforts from wealthier Saudi Arabia to contribute money to a renovation project on the mosque in 1993.

During the Gaza War in the summer of 2014, Jordan's government fought down calls from within its own country to expel the Israeli ambassador, limiting its official response to a pointed comment about "Jordans current very cold relationship with Benjamin Netanyahus government," the al-Monitor reported.

Recommended: How much do you know about Israel? Take the quiz

But when Israel shut down the Jerusalem mosque compound for a single day later that year, Jordan withdrew its ambassador. This was the first such diplomatic withdrawal since Jordan appointed an ambassador to Israel in 1994.

Jerusalem's holy sites have had surveillance from more than 300 cameras since at least 2004, and local police can monitor the closed-circuit coverage 24 hours a day, the Washington Post reported. It is unclear how these additional cameras would change the situation, but the announcement of the new cameras was the first tangible result of the month-long diplomatic discussions.

The violence has shown signs of slowing. Fridays generally see the most violence in Jerusalem, and the day before the talks was relatively quiet.

The Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh spoke with Kerry, stating that the root cause of the problems is the lack of a Palestinian state, the Washington Post reported, but Kerry said the cameras are a "first step" that can precede other solutions alongside less inflammatory rhetoric by both sides.

Related stories

Read this story at csmonitor.com

Become a part of the Monitor communityBernie Sanders sharpened the contrast with Hillary Rodham Clinton on a bevy of liberal causes on Saturday, casting himself as a principled progressive before thousands of Iowa Democrats in an appearance that could set the tone for the leadoff presidential caucuses in February.

Sanders, the independent Vermont senator, never mentioned Clinton by name at the high-profile fundraising dinner but implicitly criticized her delayed opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership and Keystone XL pipeline as well as her vote in favor of the Iraq war and passage of the Defense of Marriage Act during her husband's administration.

"I promise you tonight as your president I will govern based on principle not poll numbers," Sanders said, eliciting roars from his supporters.

Clinton did not respond in kind, making the case that she would be best equipped to take on the Republicans. "I hear Donald Trump when he says we have to make America great again," Clinton said. "America is great  we just have to make it fair and just."

Clinton and Sanders sit atop a Democratic presidential field that was effectively pared down to two after Vice President Joe Biden announced this week he would not seek the nomination.

Clinton made a direct appeal to Biden's supporters, saying that the vice president has been at Obama's side every step of the way. "He has fought passionately for middle-class families and middle-class values," she said.

Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who trails both by a wide margin, reached for a breakout performance at the dinner, presenting himself as a fresh face in the party, who got things done in his home state.

"We cannot move beyond today's gridlocked politics by returning to the divisions of our past," O'Malley said. "I'm not about that."

The speech marked a more aggressive turn by Sanders, who struggled at times to scrutinize Clinton's record during their first debate in Las Vegas earlier this month.

In that encounter, Clinton offered a full-throated rebuke of Sanders' record on gun control, noting his opposition to the 1993 Brady Bill and his backing of a 2005 law that shields gun manufacturers, distributors and dealers from most liability lawsuits.

This time, Clinton only made a passing reference to Sanders on gun control, saying, "I won't be silent" on the issue.

Sanders, meanwhile, pointedly assailed the passage of the Defense of Marriage Act during Bill Clinton's administration, saying, "some are trying to rewrite history by saying they voted for one anti-gay law to stop something worse. That's not the case." Hillary Clinton said in an interview with MSNBC on Friday that the law was signed as a "defensive action."

Sanders vowed "not to abandon any segment of American society whether you're gay or black or Latino or poor or working class  just because it is politically expedient at a given time."

Clinton placed third in Iowa in 2008 and has since built a formidable organization to power her to victory here.

Eight years ago, Obama suggested Clinton was motivated by polls and triangulation while the then-New York senator countered that "change is just a word" unless you have the strength and experience to lead.

This time, Clinton presented herself as Obama's heir, warning Republicans would seek to slash taxes for the wealthy and repeal President Barack Obama's health care law.

"I'm running as a proud Democrat," the former secretary of state said to a large cheering section that waved blue neon sticks. "We need to defend the progress we've made under President Obama and build on it until the recovery is secure."

But Republicans insisted Saturday that today's Hillary Clinton is the same one who ran eight years ago.

"The Hillary Clinton of 2015 is no different than the Hillary Clinton from 2007, who at the time refused to be straightforward with Iowans," said Republican National Committee spokesman Fred Brown. "Things haven't changed."

One hundred days remain before Iowans nominate their presidential candidates, and the state Democratic party's annual Jefferson-Jackson dinner drew a raucous crowd of more than 6,600 activists in what traditionally serves as a kickoff to the Iowa caucuses.

It capped a daylong pageant of political activities: Former President Bill Clinton headlined his first rally of the campaign, introducing pop singer Katy Perry at a free concert for Clinton's faithful. Sanders led cheering supporters across a Des Moines bridge in a march that included chants of "Hey, hey, ho, ho, the oligarchy has to go!"

Clinton's campaign has been on an upswing this month. She received a boost from Biden's decision not to run, then put together a grinding, competent appearance before a Republican-led congressional committee probing the deadly 2012 attacks on diplomatic outposts in Benghazi, Libya.

Two lesser-known rivals, Jim Webb and Lincoln Chafee, abandoned the race following Clinton's strong performance on Oct. 13 in the first primary debate.

The dinner, called the "J-J," was an important showcase for Sanders, a Vermont independent who has drawn large crowds with his calls for a "political revolution" but trails Clinton in national polls.

Playing the role of underdog, Sanders drew a comparison with Obama. "I think we are going to prove the pundits wrong again. I think we are going to make history one more time."



On Twitter, follow Ken Thomas at https://twitter.com/KThomasDC and Catherine Lucey at https://twitter.com/catherinelucey.From left, Bobby Rubinstein, Jason Rubinstein holds Janine Rubinstein, Amanda Rubinstein holds Charlotte Rubinstein, Elijah Rubinstein and Jasmin Rubinstein were photographed in spring 2015. Jason Rubenstein, of Ohio, found a kidney donor through Facebook. (Susanna Holley Photography )

Jason Rubinstein's kidneys were failing, and as he anxiously waited for an organ transplant, the Ohio patient knew time wasn't on his side.

Rubinstein turned to Facebook to share his health struggles. His wife's friend from high school read the post, stepped up to donate and turned out to be a match.

"Up until the point where you're wheeled into the hospital room, you're nervous it's going to fail or something is going to backfire. I was so relieved when I found my donor," said Rubinstein, a father of five who had a transplant in 2010.

Five years later, a growing number of patients like Rubinstein are using the site to find living donors. Johns Hopkins Hospital is piloting an app to make it easier for people who need transplants to craft a Facebook post. And an ethical debate rages on in the medical community.

Some medical ethicists fear the use of social media creates a separate organ donation system in which the cutest kid or most computer literate person receives a transplant, allowing them to bypass long waits for organs from the deceased.

"There's potential discrimination and unfairness. The more tech-savvy you are the more likely you are able to make this work," said Dr. Robert Veatch, a medical ethics professor at Georgetown University's Kennedy Institute of Ethics. "Closely related to that, the effect is likely to increase the transfer of organs to people who are attractive recipients."

In the United States, 122,543 people are waiting for an organ transplant and an average of 22 people die every day because they don't receive one in time, according to October data from the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network.

Advertisement

The network doesn't track how many patients find a living donor through Facebook or other sites, but some transplant surgeons say they've seen more patients using social media. They don't see anything wrong with using the sites, noting it's just another way to have a conversation about organ donation.

Others, like Veatch, feel social media use runs around carefully crafted policies that aim to distribute organ donations in the fairest way possible.

The United Network for Organ Sharing, a nonprofit that manages a national transplant waiting list, uses a complex formula to decide who on that list gets an organ from a deceased donor or a living person who decides to donate to anyone. The nonprofit considers how sick a patient is, how well a donor would match, the length of time an organ has to travel and other factors.

Living organ donors, though, can direct their donation to a friend or stranger after being evaluated by the transplant center. In rare cases, families of a deceased donor have also requested that an organ go to a specific person.

Ethical concerns, doctors say, aren't unique to social media and have existed as long as anxious parents have made impassioned pleas on television or patients rented billboards to share their plight with the masses.

In 1982, an 11-month-old girl, Jamie Fiske, received a liver transplant after her father -- a mental health administrator with the Boston University School of Medicine -- delivered a passionate speech at a New York pediatrician convention. Television stations covered the father's plea, catching the attention of a Utah family who lost their young son in a car accident and came forward to donate his liver.

Dr. John Roberts, chief of the University of California, San Francisco's Transplant Service, recalled one time when about 75 people came forward to donate an organ to one patient who had posted on Facebook.

The center also has a health history questionnaire that patients can link to, which helps potential donors start the transplant process.

"Social media took us a little bit by surprise because we had so many people signing up (to be organ donors)," he said.

Dr. Todd Pesavento, director of the Comprehensive Transplant Center at Ohio State University's Wexner Medical Center, said that in the last five years he's seen more patients at his center finding living donors for kidney transplants through social media, and he can see why.

"I think patients know that their outcomes are much better with a living kidney transplant as opposed to a deceased donor," Pesavento said. "There's a lower risk of infection, being hospitalized, and certainly their overall quality of life is better when they find a transplant right away."

Despite the ethical questions raised, there's one point that ethicists, surgeons and patients agree on: the more donors that step forward, the more lives doctors can save.

Teaming up with Johns Hopkins University's School of Medicine and Donate Life America, Facebook in 2012 started allowing people to share on their timeline if they're registered as an organ donor upon death, prompting thousands to sign up.

On the first day, 13,012 new donors registered online, which was 21 times higher than the average daily registration of 616 new donors, according to a study by the university. Facebook, which is based in Menlo Park, did not immediately have an estimate of how many people have shared their organ donor status since 2012.

But that work still isn't done.

Dr. Andrew Cameron, surgical director of liver transplantation at Johns Hopkins Hospital, said that he worked with Facebook to develop an app called "Donor." It walks patients through how to create a Facebook post that describes their disease, and what it's like to be on dialysis and wait on a transplant list -- a conversation that at times can feel awkward and be difficult to start.

The app was recently tested at the medical center with more than 50 patients, showing signs of success. Cameron said he's planning to expand this pilot to include 300 patients in hospitals nationwide, including in California, before releasing it publicly.

"People who had been on the waitlist for years and years immediately started to identify family and friends who were inclined to donate but just didn't know the situation," he said.

For some patients, Facebook is a way to get more support even if they don't end up getting an organ transplant by posting their story.

In January, after starting a blog, California resident and UCSF Medical Center patient Erin Saunders created a Facebook page "Erin Needs a Kidney," garnering more than 700 followers. The last time she was on dialysis, a blood-cleansing treatment, she waited eight years for a kidney transplant, a process she did not want to repeat.

Friends and complete strangers who saw her Facebook page offered to get tested for a transplant, but a high amount of antibodies in her system made it difficult to find a match. The silver lining, though, was the antibodies also gave Saunders a priority spot on the waiting list. After eight months, she was taken off the list and received a kidney transplant in September.

"I feel like so many people through Facebook and other networks were praying for me," Saunders said. "It felt like a miracle that they actually found a kidney for me."

Now her Facebook page reads "Erin Got a Kidney," including a photo of the patient holding two thumbs up.

Contact Queenie Wong at 408-920-2706. Follow her at Twitter.com/QwongSJ.It's offensive to me

I keep seeing this

It's not relevant to meNASA's New Horizon's spacecraft has done yeoman's work at Pluto, having taken stunning images of the ex-planet and its major moon Charon. Now it's taking off for the largely unseen Kuiper belt, but it grabbed one last image of the tiny moon Kerberos before leaving. It turns out that the body is smaller than thought at around 8 miles across, and consists of two distinctive "lobes." Much like Comet 67P orbited by the ESA's Rosetta spacecraft, the unusual shape of Kerberos may be the result of a collision between two smaller objects. Like Pluto's other small moons, and several spots on the quasi-planet itself, it's also coated with "relatively clean water ice," making it highly reflective.

We're doing the 1st of 4 maneuvers for a possible encounter with 2014 MU69, an object 1 billion miles past #Pluto pic.twitter.com/pOhnpfgSq4  NASA New Horizons (@NASANewHorizons) October 23, 2015

NASA said that New Horizons is now executing the first of four maneuvers enroute to a body called "2014 MU69," a billion miles away. The 30-mile-wide "ancient" object was first spotted by Hubble as a potential target for the spacecraft several years ago. It hasn't budged since it formed in the Kuiper Belt, and is thought to be typical of bodies that originally made up planets like Pluto. "Moreover, this KBO costs less fuel to reach (than other candidate targets), leaving more fuel for the flyby, for ancillary science, and greater fuel reserves to protect against the unforeseen," the agency said. If all goes to plan, it should arrive by January, 2019.Since the end of the financial crisis, there have been four carmakers that have staged IPOs: General Motors and Tesla in 2010, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles earlier this year, and Ferrari last week.

And General Motors doesn't entirely count, because the company was reentering the public markets after its 2009 bankruptcy.

So Tesla, FCA, and Ferrari are the only automakers to have IPO'd in US markets since Ford in 1956.

In other words, car-company IPOs are about as rare as black swans, four-leaf clovers, and appearances by the Cubs in the World Series.

Tesla's offering started out modest with shares priced at $17. But in the last few years, the stock has blasted to epic levels, at one point nearing $300 per share in 2014. Investors who bought early are sitting on a 1,000%-plus return.

Ferrari's IPO was richer and flashier, with the stock debuting at $52 and jumping to $60 on the first day of trading before settling. Still, you might look at both automakers  with their cars that sell for over $100,000 (in Ferrari's case, well over $100,000) and can accelerate from zero to 60 with impressive velocities  and see affinities. And there are a few. But when you get down to it, Tesla is nothing like Ferrari. And it doesn't want to be anything like Ferrari.

A tale of 2 cars

Ferrari automobiles are all supposed to have three things in common: be sexy, be fast, and be expensive. Ideally, they're also red, but Ferrari doesn't stick to this. There's always a core Ferrari. For about the past decade, it's been the 458 sports car. Pretty soon, it will be the 488 GTB. The loud and powerful engine is behind the driver's head, there are two doors, and the design is dramatic and flamboyant without being tasteless. The asking price is about $300,000.

Tesla hasn't really created a core car yet, but though the company's start came with the fast and sexy Roadster, CEO Elon Musk has the company focused on delivering a mass-market electric car, the Model 3. It will supposedly debut in 2017 and cost $35,000.

Ferraris captivate the imagination. You see one when you're a kid and dream the Ferrari dream until you have the resources to buy one. The buzz starts in childhood and lasts a lifetime.

Teslas also captivate the imagination, but in a more rational way. Ferraris are sexy because they're Ferraris. Teslas are sexy because they want to change the world.

Although a car like the Tesla Model S P85D, which sells for $130,000 with Ludicrous Mode acceleration, is a luxury vehicle, owners don't think of the car that way. If the Model S proclaims anything to the owners who love it, it proclaims something bigger than the person driving it.

So does a Ferrari, but the status statement is more overt and enduring. Tesla wants you to dream beyond yourself and ultimately consider the possibility that your incredible $130,000 car is a just a means to an end: the replacement of the gas-burning car with electric cars, and a rescue of the planet from global warming.

Ferrari wants to align your dream with one of its cars. The DNA of Ferrari is racing, so an owner of a road car will never quite achieve the heights that Ferrari wants to ascend to. But when you buy your first Ferrari and take it out for that first spin, you'll hopefully feel at peace with yourself.

Tesla is restless

The Tesla story is just beginning, while the Ferrari story  even though opening a new chapter with the IPO  has largely been told. For the moment, many potential Ferrari customers may also be potential Tesla customers.

Tesla doesn't want matters to remain this way. To be sure, Tesla has thrived while other startup carmakers have failed mainly because it's selling pricey machines. But strangely, Tesla's business is moving in exactly the opposite direction it should be if Musk want to nurture fat profit margins, of the sort that Ferrari enjoys.

Tesla is a luxury carmaker that wants to chase the Fords and Toyotas of the world. Ferrari, meanwhile, wants to avoid becoming a mass-market brand at all costs. FCA CEO and Ferrari Chairman wants to sell more cars than the 7,000 yearly total that Ferrari notches. But he wants to do it with a few thousand more $200,000 California T and FF models.

Musk, on the other hand, has declared that Tesla's goal is be building 500,000 by 2020. And if Tesla production comes in more or less on target in 2015, Musk's company will sell seven times as many cars as Ferrari. There is no acceptable status quo at Tesla. And there is no tradition. The entire undertaking is a Moon shot.

Strong visions

Tesla and Ferrari are both special carmakers. This takes nothing from GM, Ford, Honda, BMW, Audi, Mercedes, or any of the the dozens of other car companies doing business. Many of those automakers are big and ambitious and charting innovative paths.

But you can really wrap your head around Tesla and Ferrari, because they both embody the unwavering visions of their leaders. Enzo Ferrari wanted to build the greatest race cars anyone had ever seen. (The road cars came later.) Elon Musk wants to change how we get around. (The incredibly fast electric cars that sell for a hundred grand just came first.)

What Ferrari does have on Tesla is, of course, history. However, as tempting as it might be for Tesla to look at Ferrari's success  it is by some measures the biggest brand in the world, bigger even than Apple  and hope to match it, that would be a catastrophe for the Palo Alto company.

The bottom line is that Ferrari is special and must remain so forever.

Tesla is special at the moment. But if everything goes according to plan, Tesla won't be special in 20 years; it will be ordinary. But it will have solved some major problems with transportation and the environment  and helped create a world in which Ferrari can continue to nurture dreams.

NOW WATCH: Finally  a Lamborghini that won't make you look obnoxiousNow that everyone else was wrong, what now? We think the new sophisticated financing mechanism is the firms very own revolving credit facility.

-

Buy and hold investing has done more to turn perfectly decent people into the worst sort.

As others are poo-pooing Kinder Morgans (KMI) third-quarter report, we wanted to share a few observations. Our $29 per share fair value estimate for the corporate is unchanged, as we note the low end of our fair value range is $23 per share. Were reiterating our neutral view on the company.

First, we were beyond pleased to see Executive Chairman Richard Kinder come to terms with emphasizing the fact that Kinder Morgan is not totally immune to commodity price impacts. He said as much in the press release. Though top analysts on Wall Street are well-aware of this (or they should be), there are thousands, if not more, investorssome even portfolio managers (managing billions?)that may not be aware of this. We simply applaud the executive teams step toward straight talk, and we hope that this will extend in the future to disclosing widely-accepted measures of non-GAAP free cash flow, as defined as cash flow from operations less all capital expenditures.

Rewards in the form of higher share price may not happen anytime soon, however.

For those that need a background on our efforts to help the investor avoid the collapse in Kinder Morgans shares (from $40), please view our work here, here, here, here, here, here. You might say, big deal, right? These days, everyone and their mother can publish on an idea. Well, this one was differentsomething like 80%-90% of sell-side analysts had a buy rating on the stock. Many had price targets close to twice todays levels. The cult of buy and bash everyone else investors on other websites may be far greater with Kinder Morgan than any other equity. Kinder Morgan has been traditionally viewed as immune to commodity price changes, and we had to move mountains to redefine how investors should be looking at the midstream entity. It was as bold a call as it gets, like no other Ive ever seen in my career. Some are still in denial.

But why was it a great call?

First, because all of the facets of our thesis that were outlined in the June 11 5 Reasons piece remain valid: The Valuation Paradigm Has Changed (it has), Kinder Morgans Dividend Growth Endeavors Will Disappoint (they have), The Companys Net Debt Load is $40+ Billion (its still growing), The Company Is Trading at 40+ Forward Earnings (its even worse), and the Natural Reactions from Shareholders Will Be Skepticism and Disbelief (yes). That the last part was true probably rubbed most every skeptic the wrong way, but what are we supposed to do? They may still be in disbelief. Should we have followed the herd and set a $50+ price target like most everyone else? Should we not have outlined what we really thought was going to happen? These things go against everything we stand for as an independent research firm. Were not selling newspapers or looking to generate trading commissions or help the firm raise more capital. Were genuinely trying to help people, many of which already know everything, unfortunately.

I remember the name-calling toward us when we first went public on our views, the lady that said bozo, the gentleman that said moron, and some even worseits simply horrible out there. Buy and hold investing has done more to turn perfectly decent people into the worst sort. Lets end the buy and hold client brainwashing, please. Personally, I think its a shame that people on the Internet cant take back the hurtful things they say after the fact when they finally see the light, or at least acknowledge that they might be wrong. Its exhausting. It happed to us with the mortgage REITs here, it happened with our August 30, 2012 piece regarding SeaDrill (SDRL), We Dont Think SeaDrills Dividend Is Sustainable, and now its happened with Kinder Morgan. My goodness, when will readers start saying, we know what were talking about. Never mind the significant risk-adjusted outperformance in the Valuentum newsletter portfolios.

We wont parade around saying that comment sections on websites are completely useless, but their usefulness is close to nil. The proliferation of online abuse has simply gotten out of control, and it is getting worse. For one, the abuse that is happening on Twitter (TWTR) may completely destroy the companys business model, if not checked. When will we as a society realize that it is not Twitter that is the problem, it is society. If youre one of those abusers, better known as an Internet troll, stop it! Stop it now!

Personally, we have thick skins (sometimes)you have to in this businessand we know that in the words of Taylor Swift, people only throw rocks at things that shine, or maybe the better line is shake it off, (yeah, we just quoted Taylor Swift, not once but twice), but the comments on other websites can also confuse and harm readers. It is simply frightening what readers can be led on to believe. Its downright scary the conclusions that some arrive at. Are they purposely trying to deceive?

Kinder Morgans third-quarter report spoke a lot about the character of management, and we think they are working toward the right answer. I think the team sees some of the issues related to their overleveraged business model that generates a deficit in free cash flow, as measured by cash flow from operations less all capital spending, after dividends paid. I think they recognize how external financing initiatives are supporting the dividend, and they are looking to change that.

After all, it should not come as a surprise to readers that managements planned pausing of equity share issuance has been accompanied with an expected slowing of dividend growth. Kinder Morgan now expects 8% dividend growth in 2016 (6%-10%) from expectations of 10% previously. Weve been talking about how external capital-market issuance has been fueling the dividend for some timethis very idea was included in our 5 More Reasons piece (yes, 5 More). We had pounded the table.

We like that management is doing all that it can to meet the needs of its income-investor base, but those same investors are driving it to the brink of disaster. I dont think those investors give a darn about earnings or free cash flow or the health of the balance sheet  all they care about is that dividend, and not even if it is organic or financially-engineered. We think management knows its going to be near-impossible to meet its 10% compound annual dividend growth target for the next 5 years without external capital assistance, and frankly we dont know what they should say to their investor base. In many cases, the executive team has made the right move: stay near-term focused, and hope (pray?) that commodity prices will rebound in time?

We wish we could go back in time and say, you might be overpromising and end up under-delivering with your 5-year dividend growth outlook, but the team at the time had to jump ship in a hurry from the sticky MLP situation, which itself was even worse. The company ended up paying far too much for its own MLP assets at the time, something we had outlined in our 5 Reasons piece as well. Its probably worth noting that were reiterating our view that the MLP (AMLP) business model may not survive over the long haul. Energy Transfer (ETE) very well may have overpaid for Williams (WMB), too.

Go ahead: tell us how well be wrong again, how weak our analysis ishow we dont get it. The future starting today, one of a near-0% federal funds rate is far different than the future of yesterday, one that started with a 20% federal funds rate in 1980, for example. Todays future will be much different than the past, and MLPs are ultra-interest-rate sensitive, perhaps more so than any other product. The long term is the enemy of the MLP, not its friend. The time of near-zero interest rate policy (ZIRP) will be looked back upon as the peak of MLP exuberance, in our view. Why dont long-term investors see the very real hazards of the long term that they hold so dear?

Kinder Morgans third quarter net income before certain items dropped to $348 million from $537 million in the prior-year period. The firm generated less than $400 million in net income during the quarter, and its market capitalization is nearly $65 billion. Management continues to present its performance as an MLP, even though it is a corporate, pointing to internally-derived measures of cash flow, but we maintain our view that non-GAAP free cash flow, as measured by cash flow from operations less all capital spending, is the best measure to present to investors regarding internal free cash flow generation. We continue to believe distributable cash flow is misleading in that it ignores growth capital spending that is vital to net income, which itself is a component of distributable cash flow. Distributable cash flow is an imbalanced metric, and we think management teams across the midstream space should add the widely-accepted form of non-GAAP free cash flow to disclosures.

Were awaiting the release of Kinder Morgans 10-Q to better evaluate cash flow trends, but based on a proxy for cash flow from operations, net income + D&A, cash flow from operations approximated $1.05 billion in the period, and if we assume that management spent one-fourth of its annual capital expenditure-budget in the third quarter, that would indicate about $875 million in total capex, translating into about $175 million in free cash flow generated in the quarter. This measure compares to ~$1.1 billion in dividends paid, revealing nearly a $1 billion free cash flow shortfall in the period. In the quarter, the company raised $1.275 billion in new equity, under its at-the-market equity distribution program, conveniently covering the shortfall. Through the first nine months of the year, Kinder Morgan has raised $3.884 billion in equity, almost enough to cover expected dividend obligations of $4.4 billion for the year.

Were awaiting the 10-Q for more polished numbers, and we encourage investors to compare total debt in the press release to the SEC filing when it comes, but at the moment, net debt, or debt net of cash, stood at $42.5 billion at the end of the third quarter, 5.8 times that of adjusted EBITDA. Were paying very close attention to net-debt-reported-EBITDA, which may be approaching 7-8 times, something the credit agencies cant possibly still be ignoring. That management plans to pause equity issuance means that it may have to rely even heavier on more sophisticated financing, or quite the contrary, it may have to rely heavier on debt issuance. We would expect Moodys and S&P to eventually place Kinder Morgan under a review for a credit downgrade to junk status. Its possible that this conversation might have already happened, prompting the reduction in the expected pace of dividend growth. Kinder Morgan is junk rated across almost every key metric.

Source: Moodys Financial Metrics Key Ratios by Rating and Industry for Global Non-Financial Corporations, December 2007, Kinder Morgan regulatory filings

Our guess is the alternative means to fund its growth capital that management is talking about is its revolving credit facility, a savvy consideration as borrowing bases are being cut back. Linn Energy (LINE) just noted a cut to its borrowing base, and while lenders havent taken a full axe to them, something that might not happen until early 2016, we think Kinder Morgan has taken notice. In some ways, it may serve the company well to max out its revolver so banks cannot take it away. But this isnt good either.

The credit rating agencies have to be taking note of this possibility. If we assume a generous 10% discount rate on a stand-still $4.4 billion annual dividend obligation, thats a present value of $44 billion in cash, debt-like obligations to add to the $42.5 billion tangible total net debt the company has. Kinder Morgan generated less than $400 million in reported net income in the period against an implied debt load of ~$87 billion! This is not an investment grade company. We fear bond holders may be hurt the most out of all of this as reality sets in that either theyre not getting their money back or the equity investors arent getting a dividend. Both sets of stakeholders cant have it their way.

Kinder Morgan also outlined the distinct possibility that it will run at negative distributable cash flow coverage relative to the dividend in coming periods. This is not free cash flow, as measured by cash flow from operations less all capex. What management is talking about is its own internal measure of cash flow that completely ignores cash outlays related to growth capital spending. We wrote extensively about the application of financial-engineering to prop up an artificial dividend in the energy sector in the following piece, Understanding Your MLPs Financially-Engineered Equity Value. Kinder Morgan is a corporate that wants to still be an MLP. The company will be a significant federal tax payer in 2020. Surely the Street is reducing estimates by the statutory rate at that time, right?

To our question of the title, no. We have very little interest in Kinder Morgans shares, and we point to free-cash-flow rich and net-cash-rich companies such as Apple (AAPL) and Microsoft (MSFT) for long-term dividend health. Overleveraged companies that do not expect to cover their dividend even with internally-derived measures of cash flow just dont make the cut.

Image Source: Samle

This article or report and any links within are for information purposes only and should not be considered a solicitation to buy or sell any security. Valuentum is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for results obtained from the use of this article and accepts no liability for how readers may choose to utilize the content. Assumptions, opinions, and estimates are based on our judgment as of the date of the article and are subject to change without notice. For more information about Valuentum and the products and services it offers, please contact us at info@valuentum.com.

The requested page "/video/nascar?cid=yahoo&p=ya5nbcs" could not be found.By Andrew Osborn and Maria Kiselyova

MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the Kremlin wanted Syria to prepare for parliamentary and presidential elections, as Moscow intensified its drive to convert its increased clout with Damascus into a political settlement.

In comments which mark a shift in Russia's position, he also said that Russia's airforce, which has been bombing Islamist militants in Syria since Sept. 30, would be ready to help Western-backed Free Syrian Army rebels, if it knew where they were.

The Kremlin, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's strongest foreign ally, has spoken broadly about the need for elections in Syria before. But Lavrov's comments were its most specific call for political renewal yet and came just days after a surprise visit by Assad to Moscow.

"External players can not decide anything for the Syrians. We must force them to come up with a plan for their country where the interests of every religious, ethnic and political group will be well protected," Lavrov told Russian state TV in an interview broadcast on Saturday.

"They need to prepare for both parliamentary and presidential elections."

View gallery Russian ground staff members work on a Sukhoi Su-30 fighter jet at the Hmeymim air base near Latakia 

Lavrov on Saturday phoned U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to discuss organizing talks between the Syrian government and opposition, the Russian foreign ministry said. It said the two men had spoken of the need to tap the potential of other countries in the region to push the political process forward.

John Kirby, a State Department spokesman, confirmed the conversation. "They focused on their shared pursuit of options to achieve a political transition and discussed the potential for future multilateral meetings on the topic," said Kirby. 

Moscow says Assad must be part of any transition and that the Syrian people will decide who rules them. Washington has said it could tolerate Assad during a short transition period, but that he would then have to exit the political stage.

Lavrov, who also discussed Syria on Saturday with his Iranian and Egyptian counterparts, said the Kremlin had told Assad during his Moscow visit that political progress was needed. Lavrov said the success of Assad's army on the battlefield, with Russian air support, would consolidate his government, making it more interested in a political deal.

Lavrov's interview was broadcast a day after a meeting in Vienna between Russia, the United States, Turkey and Saudi Arabia where a political solution to Syria's civil war - now in its fifth year - was discussed.

View gallery Russian ground staff members load a Sukhoi Su-34 fighter jet with weapons at the Hmeymim air base ne 

Kerry said after that meeting he expected new talks on Syria to begin as soon as next week, and did not rule out the participation of Iran, something Moscow has pushed for.

REBEL SCEPTICISM

Lavrov said he wanted Egypt, Jordan, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates to be included as well as Iran, and spoke of the need for the European Union to start to play a bigger role too.

He said he felt other countries were finally beginning to better understand the Syrian situation despite their continued criticism of Assad, a shift he said gave Moscow hope that the political process could move forward in the foreseeable future.

Washington has criticized Moscow for so far focusing most of its firepower on armed groups supported by the West and its allies rather than Islamic State, angering the Kremlin which has said it is impossible to make a distinction between terrorists.

View gallery Russian ground staff members work on a Sukhoi Su-34 fighter jet at the Hmeymim air base near Latakia 

But Lavrov said Russia now stood ready to provide air support to the Free Syrian Army if the United States would help it identify where it was.

His offer drew deep scepticism from FSA commanders.

The commander of an FSA-affiliated rebel group that has been bombed in recent weeks by Russian warplanes dismissed the idea.

"I will not talk to my killer," Hassan Haj Ali, the head of the Liwa Suqour al-Jabal rebel group, told Reuters.

Ahmed al-Seoud, head of another FSA-affiliated group, the 13th Division, was equally bemused.

View gallery A Sukhoi Su-25 fighter jet taxis on the tarmac at the Hmeymim air base near Latakia, Syria, in this 

"Russia hit the factions of the Free Army and now it wants to cooperate with us, while sticking by Assad? We do not understand anything from Russia," he said.

The Free Syrian Army is a loose alliance of groups, most of them with a Syrian nationalist outlook, that are often led by Syrian army defectors but have no central command structure.

Bashar al-Zoubi, head of the political office of the FSA-affiliated Yarmouk Army, said Russia's call for elections was pointless because of the huge number of Syrians who had fled, while others were in jail or being hunted by the government.

"If Russia is serious about a solution it must force out Assad and his gang, and work to secure a peaceful political transition of power, he said

Russia's planes have flown 934 sorties and destroyed 819 militant targets in Syria since the start of its operation on Sept. 30, the defense ministry said on Saturday.

Lavrov, whose interview was recorded on Thursday but only released on Saturday, called Washington's refusal to coordinate its Syria campaign with Moscow "a big mistake."

(Additional reporting by Tom Perry in Beirut and Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Andrew Heavens)An investigation is underway after a Republican municipal election candidate says he was threatened in West Deptford Township.

An investigation is underway after a Republican municipal election candidate says he was threatened in West Deptford Township.

An investigation is underway after a Republican municipal election candidate says he was threatened in West Deptford Township.

Vitter asks supporters to help "take future back" during speech Saturday night after advancing to run-off election.

The honeymoon might be over before it even begins for House speaker-in-waiting Paul Ryan, who is expected to be elevated to the top job next week. The Wisconsin Republican, on track to prevail in secret-ballot elections on Wednesday and in a full House vote on Thursday, would take over at a moment of chaos notable even in a Congress for which crisis has become routine. Lawmakers are barreling toward a 3 November deadline to raise the federal borrowing limit or face an unprecedented government default. There is no plan in sight for averting such a situation. Furthermore, crucial highway funding authority is about to expire, requiring a short-term extension that no one supports. And December will bring the next chapter in the government shutdown wars, with a deadline for spending legislation providing a ripe opportunity for brinksmanship.

Hillary Clinton is proposing an expansive program aimed at enabling students to attend public colleges and universities without taking on loans for tuition, her attempt to address a source of anxiety for American families while advancing one of the lefts most sweeping new ideas. The plandubbed the New College Compact and estimated to cost $350 billion over 10 yearswould fundamentally reshape the federal governments role in higher education by offering new federal money, but with strings attached. States would have to increase their own spending on higher education, and universities would be required to control spending, though the Democratic presidential front-runner hasnt yet worked out details. Families still would be required to contribute, but students wouldnt have to take out loans to attend public schools.

Hillary Clinton cant beat a Republican in Arkansas, but shes not there for a general-election battle. The former first lady has returned to her onetime home state to court Democratic convention-goers, knowing every southern delegate could prove crucial to ending Bernie Sanders run. Skip Rutherford, a longtime Clinton friend and the dean of the Clinton School of Public Service at the University of Arkansas, says, "This is about delegates, it isnt about electoral votes. There will be a completely different strategy when it comes to electoral votes. If it gets that far. With her challenger gaining ground in both Iowa and New Hampshire, Clintons team knows she needs to mobilize her familys network of southern supporters and ensure the race for the partys nomination does not extend beyond March 1.

Pulling out all the stops, Hillary Rodham Clinton was bringing her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and pop singer Katy Perry to Iowa on Saturday in a show of force before a pivotal dinner with thousands of Iowa Democrats. (Oct. 24)

Thousands of Iowa Democrats gathered in Des Moines on Saturday evening for the party's Jefferson Jackson Dinner. Presidential candidates Bernie Sanders, Martin O'Malley and Hillary Rodham Clinton urged attendees to caucus for them on February 1. (Oct. 24)

DES MOINES, Iowa (AP)  Bernie Sanders sharpened the contrast with Hillary Rodham Clinton on a bevy of liberal causes on Saturday, casting himself as a principled progressive before thousands of Iowa Democrats in an appearance that could set the tone for the leadoff presidential caucuses in February.

Sanders, the independent Vermont senator, never mentioned Clinton by name at the high-profile fundraising dinner but implicitly criticized her delayed opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership and Keystone XL pipeline as well as her vote in favor of the Iraq war and passage of the Defense of Marriage Act during her husband's administration.

"I promise you tonight as your president I will govern based on principle not poll numbers," Sanders said, eliciting roars from his supporters.

Clinton did not respond in kind, making the case that she would be best equipped to take on the Republicans. "I hear Donald Trump when he says we have to make America great again," Clinton said. "America is great  we just have to make it fair and just."

Clinton and Sanders sit atop a Democratic presidential field that was effectively pared down to two after Vice President Joe Biden announced this week he would not seek the nomination.

Clinton made a direct appeal to Biden's supporters, saying that the vice president has been at Obama's side every step of the way. "He has fought passionately for middle-class families and middle-class values," she said.

Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who trails both by a wide margin, reached for a breakout performance at the dinner, presenting himself as a fresh face in the party, who got things done in his home state.

"We cannot move beyond today's gridlocked politics by returning to the divisions of our past," O'Malley said. "I'm not about that."

The speech marked a more aggressive turn by Sanders, who struggled at times to scrutinize Clinton's record during their first debate in Las Vegas earlier this month.

In that encounter, Clinton offered a full-throated rebuke of Sanders' record on gun control, noting his opposition to the 1993 Brady Bill and his backing of a 2005 law that shields gun manufacturers, distributors and dealers from most liability lawsuits.

This time, Clinton only made a passing reference to Sanders on gun control, saying, "I won't be silent" on the issue.

View gallery Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., speaks during the Iowa Democratic Part 

Sanders, meanwhile, pointedly assailed the passage of the Defense of Marriage Act during Bill Clinton's administration, saying, "some are trying to rewrite history by saying they voted for one anti-gay law to stop something worse. That's not the case." Hillary Clinton said in an interview with MSNBC on Friday that the law was signed as a "defensive action."

Sanders vowed "not to abandon any segment of American society whether you're gay or black or Latino or poor or working class  just because it is politically expedient at a given time."

Clinton placed third in Iowa in 2008 and has since built a formidable organization to power her to victory here.

Eight years ago, Obama suggested Clinton was motivated by polls and triangulation while the then-New York senator countered that "change is just a word" unless you have the strength and experience to lead.

This time, Clinton presented herself as Obama's heir, warning Republicans would seek to slash taxes for the wealthy and repeal President Barack Obama's health care law.

View gallery Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton waves to supporters during the Iowa Democra 

"I'm running as a proud Democrat," the former secretary of state said to a large cheering section that waved blue neon sticks. "We need to defend the progress we've made under President Obama and build on it until the recovery is secure."

But Republicans insisted Saturday that today's Hillary Clinton is the same one who ran eight years ago.

"The Hillary Clinton of 2015 is no different than the Hillary Clinton from 2007, who at the time refused to be straightforward with Iowans," said Republican National Committee spokesman Fred Brown. "Things haven't changed."

One hundred days remain before Iowans nominate their presidential candidates, and the state Democratic party's annual Jefferson-Jackson dinner drew a raucous crowd of more than 6,600 activists in what traditionally serves as a kickoff to the Iowa caucuses.

It capped a daylong pageant of political activities: Former President Bill Clinton headlined his first rally of the campaign, introducing pop singer Katy Perry at a free concert for Clinton's faithful. Sanders led cheering supporters across a Des Moines bridge in a march that included chants of "Hey, hey, ho, ho, the oligarchy has to go!"

View gallery Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Rodham Clinton, left, Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and for 

Clinton's campaign has been on an upswing this month. She received a boost from Biden's decision not to run, then put together a grinding, competent appearance before a Republican-led congressional committee probing the deadly 2012 attacks on diplomatic outposts in Benghazi, Libya.

Two lesser-known rivals, Jim Webb and Lincoln Chafee, abandoned the race following Clinton's strong performance on Oct. 13 in the first primary debate.

The dinner, called the "J-J," was an important showcase for Sanders, a Vermont independent who has drawn large crowds with his calls for a "political revolution" but trails Clinton in national polls.

Playing the role of underdog, Sanders drew a comparison with Obama. "I think we are going to prove the pundits wrong again. I think we are going to make history one more time."

___

On Twitter, follow Ken Thomas at https://twitter.com/KThomasDC and Catherine Lucey at https://twitter.com/catherine_lucey.By Kaye Foley



The new movie Suffragette, starring Carey Mulligan, Helena Bonham Carter and Meryl Streep, tells of the hard-fought battle for the right to vote for women in the United Kingdom in the early 1900s.

The film centers around working-class Maud Watts, played by Mulligan, as she becomes disillusioned with her everyday reality and joins the suffragette movement at great personal sacrifice.

COMPLETE INTERVIEW

Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric discussed the making of the movie, the real suffragettes and their lasting relevance in the world with Mulligan, director Sarah Gavron, screenwriter Abi Morgan and co-producer Alison Owen.

Gavron said she made the movie because she couldnt believe there had never been a big-screen version of this story. She continued, Its such an important part of our history. It felt like it was timely and overdue to resurrect this story of these women who had fought this incredible battle and really changed the course of history.

THE STORY BEHIND SUFFRAGETTE

An extensive amount of research was required for all involved with the film. Morgan said, I started to realize there was this other level of suffrage amongst the working-class women.  When they went to riots and when they were arrested, they would come back and theyd lose their jobs. So we suddenly realized this could be a very modern-day telling in a way of so many of the conditions that affected these women. It felt very resonant today.

The team behind Suffragette also faced many challenges during the six years it took for it to be made. One was to convince everyone that we wanted to tell this story on a big landscape. We didnt want to just make a small art movie, said Owen. They also wanted to tell the story of a suffragette like a Mrs. Banks suffragette and not the raw story of the working-class women.

THE CHARACTERS OF SUFFRAGETTE

While the movie tells the story of a fictionalized, composite character, Maud, she interacts with historical figures in the U.K. womens suffrage movement, including Emmeline Pankhurst, played by Streep, and Emily Wilding Davison, played by Natalie Press.

The suffragettes followed a campaign of militant civil disobedience, believing deeds, not words were the path to the vote. The women would engage in activities such as throwing rocks at storefront windows and damaging private property.

SUFFRAGETTE: A MODERN TALE

Though the movie captures the history of the suffrage movement, the filmmakers hope that the message and spirit of the film will be inspiring to women everywhere.

Its not just a documentary about a time, said Mulligan. Its not just saying, This happened and we owe them a great deal and thats brilliant. Its saying, That happened and we do owe them, but look where we are now. If you look globally, we have much farther to go. I hope it makes people feel empowered to speak up and do something.

Suffragette opens in select theaters on Oct. 23.

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers will begin voting on Monday on legislation to revive the shuttered Export-Import Bank, a spokeswoman for a leading Republican backer of the bank said on Friday.

A so-called "discharge petition," a procedural maneuver that has been successful only a handful of times in the past century, to renew the trade bank's charter matures on Monday.

The petition has support from 218 lawmakers, a majority of the chamber, including 42 Republicans, effectively overruling House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a vocal critic of the bank.

Representative Stephen Fincher, who circulated the petition, will start the voting process with a floor motion on Monday, his spokeswoman said.

There could be several procedural votes before a vote on final House passage, possibly on Tuesday.

House passage could move Congress toward reopening the bank, which offers loans, loan guarantees and trade insurance to U.S. exporters and buyers of U.S. goods such as Caterpillar Inc heavy equipment and Boeing Co airplanes.

But the effort to renew the bank's charter faces obstacles in the Senate, where Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is among those who oppose it.

The bank's charter expired on June 30, after Hensarling refused to move legislation to extend it, and it has been unable to conduct new business for more than three months. Several companies have announced the loss of export contracts due to the resulting lack of financing.

Some conservative Republicans and political groups have targeted the bank as an example of "corporate welfare" for large, wealthy companies although supporters point out it also supports small businesses.

The move to force a House vote reviving the Export-Import Bank's charter is unusual. This is what happens when one chairman refuses to acknowledge the desires of two-thirds of the House and Senate, Republican Representative Mike Simpson said.

(Reporting by Susan Cornwell and Krista Hughes; Editing by Tom Brown)By Letitia Stein and Barbara Liston

TAMPA/ORLANDO, Fla. (Reuters) - Floridas first bear hunt in two decades opens on Saturday, joining other states that have loosened restrictions on hunting large predators, to the dismay of animal rights activists who see them as "trophy hunts."

The hunt, which will span up to one week and allow up to 320 black bears to be killed, aims to stabilize a population that has rebounded to more than 3,000 from several hundred in the 1970s, according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.

Hunting enthusiasts have defended such hunts in Florida and elsewhere as necessary to manage expanding numbers of bears and other large animals that threaten humans, while animal rights activists have decried the trend as cruel and ineffective.

There has been a need to make seasons longer, make them more liberal, because there have been so many predators and theyre not as controlled as they should be, said Nick Pinizzotto, president and chief executive officer of the Sportsmens Alliance.

The hunt comes at a time when several western states are considering regulations that would make it easier to hunt cougars. The big cats, with an historical range that stretched from coast to coast, have staged a comeback in recent years in some parts of the country.

View gallery A Florida Black Bear is pictured in Florida in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters Octob 

Policies recently enacted or are under review in New Mexico, Oregon and Utah could result in the killing of more cougars, also known as mountain lions or panthers.

"The trend is 'let's open a trophy hunt,'" said Tracy Coppola, director of the wildlife abuse campaign at the Humane Society of the United States, referring to decisions largely being made by state wildlife managers. "It's a very wrong management technique."

In Florida, hunt opponents held statewide protests on Friday, aiming to build on the international outrage generated this summer by the killing of Cecil, a rare black-maned lion, by an American dentist who was on an African hunting trip.

The controversy comes as suburban development further encroaches on to the habitat of bears, cougars and other large predators, increasing the likelihood of contact with humans.

"We revere them, and we name our football teams after them," noted Gavin Shire, a spokesman for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. "And yet we also fear them, because of the potential harm that they can do, and the protections around them."

That was the case in Florida, where state wildlife officers have received increasing complaints about bears in neighborhoods close to woodlands where the animals have long roamed.

Open garbage cans and unattended backyard grills attract bears looking for an easy meal. Hunt opponents say programs to eliminate such food sources could reduce conflicts between bears and humans more effectively than hunting.

At least four Floridians have been injured in bear attacks in the past two years, mostly in the suburbs north of Orlando.

In the Northeast, New Jersey expanded its bear hunting season for 2015, a year after a hiker was killed by a black bear, the first fatal attack in the state in recorded history.

Across the states mulling greater hunting, the scope of the expansion varies widely. Oregon is considering a zone approach to expand the cougar hunting that is already allowed, for example, while New Mexico has approved more trapping on private as well as state trust lands, according to the Humane Society.

Not all plans are advancing. On Friday, the Humane Society cheered a decision in Colorado to hold off on a plan to expand mountain lion hunting there.

Washington's governor earlier this week blocked a decision by state wildlife managers to expand cougar hunting in the Pacific Northwest state, citing concerns about transparency during the rule-making process.

(Reporting by Letitia Stein in Tampa, Florida and Barbara Liston in Orlando, Florida; Editing by Frank McGurty and Lisa Shumaker)The Buffalo Bills prepare for their game against the Jacksonville Jaguars that will be played across the pond in London. Check out an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at the hotel where the team is staying. The Grove Hotel is one of England's finest vacation spot, the famous hotel was even home to the cast of the Harry Potter movies during filming.Now watching Paused Up next 1:24 

Police: 3 Dead in Okla. State Parade Crash

Police say three people were killed and nearly two dozen are injured -- 7 of them critically -- after a drunk driver struck a homecoming parade at Oklahoma State University. The driver was taken into custody on a DUI charge. (Oct. 24)View photo . LSU coach Les Miles embraces cancer-stricken teen Sid Ortis following the 45-21 win against Auburn. (via Scott  he personally invited to the LSU-Auburn game in September.

According to Al.com, Ortis condition has worsened and he has moved from the hospital to hospice care at his Mountain Brook, Ala., home. Miles gave him a call on Wednesday and the two discussed Saturdays game against Western Kentucky. Miles also said he would help Ortis get to the LSU-Alabama game on Nov. 7 if possible.

From Al.com:

As Miles lauded Western Kentucky's running back, Sid did what few probably have the nerve to do, and that is interrupt the coach mid-sentence. "We have a decent running back also,'' Sid told the coach, at which point Miles laughed and said, "We have a really good running back, not decent, we have a great one."

Miles, who previously told Sid ""Life is not how long you live, but how well you live it," told the teen today, "When you get to Heaven, save a spot for me." Sid told him he hoped to live long enough to watch the Alabama vs. LSU game in Tuscaloosa on Nov. 7. Miles said he would help Sid get to the game if possible, and Sid's parents, Scott and Lynn Ortis, are all for that. "If he's alive and up for it, we'll take him wherever,'' Lynn Ortis said. "Sid gets whatever he wants right now."

Ortis was diagnosed with bone cancer in Aug. 2014 after feeling tightness in his knee after a basketball camp. When his parents took him to get it checked out, he was diagnosed with osteosarcoma. He underwent chemotherapy and had his knee and part of his femur replaced.

Doctors later found spots on his lung, which revealed an aggressive form of cancer. With Ortis out of medical options, the family made the decision to take him home on Sunday.

"I was really scared about coming home, but it's been the best thing we ever did," said Lynn Ortis, his mother. "It's been beautiful. There's been so much peace here."

Miles gave Ortis his cell phone number and told him he could call or text any time. Miles also told Ortis that he would call in a few days to check in on him.

It perked Sid up and he felt good, said Scott Ortis, Sids father. Its just neat that he cares, and he does. Its pretty cool.

For more LSU news, visit TigerBait.com.

- - - - - - -

Sam Cooper is a contributor for the Yahoo Sports blogs. Have a tip? Email him or follow him on Twitter!

Follow @SamDCooperBy Dee-Ann Durbin

Car infotainment systems that use voice commands may let drivers keep their hands on the wheel, but theyre still highly distracting.

It takes drivers up to 27 seconds to return to full attention after using voice commands to make a hands-free call, turn on the radio or perform other tasks, according to two studies released Thursday by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety. Traveling at 25 miles per hour, that would equal the length of three football fields.

The studies, done for AAA by the University of Utah, compared various voice-operated systems from 2015 model-year vehicles.

Infotainment systems in the Chevrolet Equinox, Buick Lacrosse and Toyota 4Runner were the least distracting, because they were more intuitive and better at understanding voice commands. Systems in the Ford Taurus, Chevrolet Malibu, Volkswagen Passat, Nissan Altima, Chrysler 200 and Hyundai Sonata performed less well.

Chevrolet Equinox

The system in the Mazda6 was the most distracting. The researchers found that Mazdas system required multiple steps, had poor voice detection and took longer to complete tasks. To select a radio station, users had to say frequency and then the station number.

Practice with the systems didnt necessarily help. The 257 research subjects took the cars home for five days, but the tasks that were difficult on the first day remained difficult a few days later, the researchers found.

The least distracting systems still impaired drivers for at least 15 seconds, the studies said. Older drivers took a longer time to resume full attention than younger ones. Researchers measured the return to full attention by timing participants response to a flashing light.

Researchers also studied the level of distraction when drivers use mobile phones with voice commands. They found Google Now was more intuitive  and slightly less distracting  than Apples Siri and Microsofts Cortana. The phone study had 65 participants.

Joel Cooper, a research assistant professor of psychology at the university and one of the studies authors, said voice command systems tend to be rigid, forcing drivers to use very specific commands to do various tasks. Even when drivers use the right commands, the systems dont always understand them. When the systems dont work, drivers get distracted trying to diagnose the problem.

Theyre just not good enough, Cooper told The Associated Press. They make a promise that they are a safe alternative, but they just dont always function as promised.

Mazda said a more advanced system that should minimize distraction is being used in the 2016 Mazda6 and other new models.

Were always looking for new ways to make that interface between user and machine smoother and more intuitive, the company said in a statement.

While these studies focused on hands-free voice command systems, future studies for AAA will try to compare those systems to more traditional infotainment systems that require drivers to use their hands and look down at the dashboard, Cooper said.

AAA said it is sharing its findings with lawmakers and government agencies. It urged drivers to be cautious with voice command systems, even if the car is stopped at an intersection.

The reality is that mental distractions persist and can affect driver attention even after the light turns green, said AAA President and CEO Marshall Doney.Originally published on Grist.

On Wednesday morning, for the first time in a decade, there was a US Senate hearing on agricultural biotechnology. Lawmakers are tuning into the issue for two reasons: First, the Obama administration has said that its time to update and modernize GMO regulations; second, there are bills pending that would either force or ban mandatory labeling of GMOs in food products.

The hearing, held by the Senate agriculture committee, provided a chance to gauge how senators are thinking about this issue. The Senate is currently mulling a bill, already passed by the House, that would set a federal standard for voluntary labeling, while also invalidating any mandatory labeling laws that states  like Vermont  have passed or might pass. Ive gotten the sense from Politicos reporting on this that Republicans are having a hard time finding Democratic senators to sign on to the bill, so I was a bit surprised to see a fairly pro-GMO sentiment prevailing in the hearing Tuesday morning.

Related Genetically modified food, explained

Of course, this was the agriculture committee  and Id expect some pro-GMO sentiments from Democrats with big constituencies of farmers. But I was also expecting to see some senators from more liberal states channeling anti-GMO concerns as well. Instead, I heard strong pro-GMO statements, and no senator planted a flag on anti-GMO ground.

An exchange between regulators and Heidi Heitkamp, a no-nonsense Democrat from North Dakota, was illustrative of the general tenor of the hearing. The regulators had been saying time and time again that the GMOs they approved were just as safe as any other food. So Heitkamp asked William Jordan, from the EPAs Office of Pesticide Programs, to explain how he shared the information he used to determine that safety with the public. Jordan began talking about making every effort toward transparency against a broader backdrop of a general decline in trust in government.

Heitkamp jumped in: "Except what people hear is blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah."

Jordan: "I know that."

Heitkamp: "I believe the science is so strong in this area  that these are products that will not have an adverse effect in any way on health, in fact can improve health by making food more available worldwide. And yet we seem to be losing the fight, not just on labeling but on how we are going to make these products more accessible."

Then, turning away from Jordan, she threw the question to a USDA regulator, who began to give a similar homily about the importance of press releases and emailing stakeholders.

Heitkamp cut him off: "The data you are presenting and the information you are presenting is not presented in a way that is accessible to the public." There was a pregnant pause  it had all been blandly congenial, up that point, and Heitkamps bluntness, in comparison, sounded downright accusatory. "Its easier to say this is bad than explain why this is good, especially when the technology is so elevated. So I would really challenge all of you to think about how you discuss your findings with the public, so we can advance this beyond regulation but actually have a conversation with the consumers."

As the hearing went on, I started scanning through the members of the agriculture committee to see who might claim the anti-GMO position. Patrick Leahy from Vermont? New Yorks Kirsten Gillibrand? But it never happened.

Gillibrand used her time to ask how regulations might be updated. (Will foreign companies engage in our regulatory process and get our approval if they want to sell GMOs here? Do we have enough of a regulatory hook to regulate organisms that have had their DNA edited, but dont contain any DNA introduced from another species?)

Leahy stuck around just long enough to introduce Joanna Lidback, a small dairy farmer with 50 grass-fed cows in Vermont. Lidback turned out to be forcefully pro-GMO, arguing that small farmers need all the tools they can get to be responsible stewards of their land.

The only anti-GMO points brought up at the hearing came from Gary Hirshberg, chair of Stonyfield Farm Inc. and founder of the GMO labeling advocacy group Just Label It. And Hirshberg moderated his message for the audience: Instead of lecturing the committee on the evils associated with GMOs, as Ive heard him do in other contexts, he said that all his group wanted was a "value neutral disclosure" that would allow consumers to make their own decisions. The history of other countries that have instituted mandatory labeling show that these sorts of labels dont produce sudden shifts in consumer behavior, he said.

The senators pushed back against this, asking for responses from other panelists. One of those panelists, Ronald Kleinman, a chief physician at MassGeneral Hospital for Children, said that labels and transparency were all for the good. But he also pointed out that everyone was urging transparency only about genetic engineering. Why not, he asked, be transparent about crops produced with chemical or radiation mutagenesis? Why not disclose whether low-wage immigrant labor went into foods?

Id tuned in to this hearing to gauge the Senates appetite for taking on the GMO controversy in some way. And again, the agricultural committee may well be a biased sample. But still, it seems like Republicans could get at least a few votes from Democrats for their voluntary labeling bill. Then again, its one thing to support farmers who want to use genetically engineered seeds, and another thing to tell states they cant make their own rules about GMO labeling.

If you want to see for yourself, the hearing is available here.

Grist is a nonprofit news site that uses humor to shine a light on big green issues. Get their email newsletter here, and follow them on Facebook and Twitter.JERUSALEM (AP)  Looking to reduce tensions at a Jerusalem holy site that set off weeks of Mideast violence, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry announced Saturday that Israel and Jordan had agreed on steps, including round-the-clock video monitoring, to bring an end to the unrest.

But the announcement contained few details on how the monitoring system would work, and it was not immediately clear whether it would be enough to calm the unrest that has raised fears that the region is on the brink of a new round of heavy fighting.

Late Saturday, Israel said it welcomed "increased coordination" with the Jordanians. There was no immediate Palestinian reaction.

Kerry had spent several days holding talks with Israeli and Arab leaders, capping his efforts with meetings Saturday with the Palestinians and Jordan. Kerry said King Abdullah II of Jordan suggested the monitoring and that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accepted.

"All the violence and the incitement to violence must stop. Leaders must lead," Kerry told reporters in the Jordanian capital after meeting with the king and with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.

Clashes erupted at the holy site last month over rumors that Israel was expanding its presence at the sensitive Jerusalem shrine, revered by both Muslims and Jews.

View gallery Israeli left wing activists hold flags and signs as they march in a peace rally in Tel Aviv, Israel, 

The violence quickly spread across Israel, and into the West Bank and Gaza Strip. In the past five weeks, 10 Israelis have been killed in Palestinian attacks, mostly stabbings, while 49 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli fire, including 28 said by Israel to be attackers and the rest in clashes.

Israel has repeatedly denied Palestinian allegations that it is trying to change long-standing understandings under which Jews are allowed to visit, but not pray at the shrine. Israel has accused Palestinian political and religious leaders of lying and inciting violence.

Palestinians say their fears have been fueled by a rise in visits to the shrine by Jewish activists demanding prayer rights, including senior members of Netanyahu's coalition government. They say the violence is the result of nearly 50 years of occupation and a lack of a political horizon toward statehood.

The hilltop compound in Jerusalem, known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, is a frequent flashpoint and its fate is a core issue at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. It is the holiest site in Judaism, and was the home to their biblical Temples. Muslims believe it is the spot where the Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven. It is the third holiest site in Islam and houses the Al-Aqsa Mosque and gold-topped Dome of the Rock.

Saturday's proposal, particularly Jordan's engagement, could go a long way in easing the tensions. Israel captured the holy site from Jordan in the 1967 Mideast war. But under a longstanding arrangement, Jordan maintains custodial rights over the Muslim holy sites through an organization called the Waqf, and since signing a peace treaty with Israel in 1994, has often served as a mediator. When similar tensions erupted last year at the same site, Jordan briefly withdrew its ambassador from Israel and tensions subsequently abated.

View gallery Israeli left wing activists participate in a peace rally in Tel Aviv, Israel, Saturday, Oct. 24, 201 

Just before midnight, Netanyahu issued a statement repeating Israel's commitment to upholding the status quo "in word and in practice" and saying it has "no intention" to divide the compound.

"Israel believes that those who visit or worship on the Temple Mount must be allowed to do so in peace, free from violence, from threats, from intimidation and from provocations," the statement said. "We welcome increased coordination between the Israeli authorities and the Jordanian Waqf, including to ensure that visitors and worshippers demonstrate restraint and respect for the sanctity of the area."

It called for "the immediate restoration of calm" and "appropriate steps" to be taken to restore calm. "We look forward to working cooperatively to lower tensions, stop incitement and discourage violence," it said.

Palestinian officials and representatives from the Waqf had no immediate comment, saying they were still awaiting details.

Kerry, who met with Netanyahu in Berlin on Thursday, said the leaders "expressed their strong commitment to ending the violence and restoring the calm as soon as possible."

View gallery U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives at the Royal Palace to meet Jordanian King Abdullah II, i 

"I hope that based on these conversations we can finally put to rest some of the false assumptions, perceptions" about the holy site, Kerry said. "Those perceptions are stoking the tensions and fueling the violence and it is important for us to end the provocative rhetoric and start to change the public narrative that comes out of those false perceptions."

In addition to the round-the-clock video monitoring, Kerry said the understandings included Israel fully respecting Jordan's "special role" as custodian of the site, its continued enforcement of religious worship at the site in which Muslims pray there and non-Muslims visit and its commitment not to divide the site and to reject any attempt to suggest otherwise.

Kerry said video monitoring would provide "comprehensive visibility and transparency, and that could really be a game-changer in discouraging anybody from disturbing the sanctity of this holy site."

It remained unclear how the new arrangement will work, when it will begin and who will be doing the monitoring. It's also unclear if this will have any impact on the violence. Most of the Palestinian attackers have been teenagers or in their 20s, and it is not clear whether politicians can influence them.

The United Temple Mount Movement in Israel, an umbrella organization representing groups that seek Jewish prayer rights at the site, said it objected to Kerry's plans and vowed to take all actions "within the legal-democratic framework" to fight it.

View gallery U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, left, speaks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, right, af 

On Friday, Israel lifted restrictions on Muslim worshippers after having barred younger Muslim men  seen by police as the main potential trouble-makers  from entering the compound on Fridays, the main day of prayer in the Muslim religious week. The site itself has been quiet for more than a week.

Elsewhere, however, the violence has continued. On Saturday, Israeli forces shot a knife-wielding Palestinian dead after he ran toward a crossing between Israel and the West Bank and tried to stab security personnel, the Israeli military said. Security camera footage showed the youth running through the crossing while holding a knife as security men took up positions to stop him.

The previous day, Palestinians threw a firebomb at an Israeli car in the West Bank, wounding a mother and her two children, one of whom, a 4-year-old girl, was badly burned.

___

Lee reported from Amman, Jordan.By Steven Shapiro

The future is now for the NFL and Yahoo.

On Sunday, the league will live-stream a game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Buffalo Bills to a global audience, across several of the Internet companys platforms.

Its a historic moment for Yahoo to actually be able to come in and bid for an NFL game and then live-stream it all around the world, says Brian Stelter, CNNs senior media correspondent.

The game between the Bills and Jaguars is being played in London, part of the leagues international series, which kicked off in 2007.

All major American sports have become more international, according to Yahoo Sports writer Eric Adelson. The NFL is following suit; its working, and I think a deal like this, a game like this in a place like this only helps it grow more.

There are people all around the world more and more eager to watch NFL games, and thats why theyre playing games in London and why the NFL wants Yahoo to be streaming this in all these other countries, says Stelter.

Hans Schroeder, the NFLs senior vice president for media strategy and development, believes the partnership with Yahoo will help the league develop new methods of reaching its global fan base.

This is a great opportunity for us to really innovate and try something new, distribute our content in a new way, he says.

Football is the most popular sport in the U.S., and the NFL is the most profitable league on the planet. Its revenues are driven largely by lucrative TV contracts.

Television is still an unbelievable platform for us, but as we look out, its tough to not to see the changes in the trends impacting our fans and where theyre spending their time, says Schroeder.

The definition of the broadcast is going to change. The NFL is smart to realize that  Yahoo already realizes that, says Adelson. I think people will look back on this broadcast as a ramp toward the future of how we consume sports.Police say three people were killed and nearly two dozen are injured -- 7 of them critically -- after a drunk driver struck a homecoming parade at Oklahoma State University. The driver was taken into custody on a DUI charge. (Oct. 24)

A powerful storm system rumbled through Texas on Saturday, flooding roads and causing traffic woes and other problems as parts of the state braced for the remnants of Hurricane Patricia to arrive. (Oct. 24)

Pulling out all the stops, Hillary Rodham Clinton was bringing her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and pop singer Katy Perry to Iowa on Saturday in a show of force before a pivotal dinner with thousands of Iowa Democrats. (Oct. 24)

Thousands of Iowa Democrats gathered in Des Moines on Saturday evening for the party's Jefferson Jackson Dinner. Presidential candidates Bernie Sanders, Martin O'Malley and Hillary Rodham Clinton urged attendees to caucus for them on February 1. (Oct. 24)

Hurricane Patricia was downgraded to a tropical depression early Saturday as it passed over Mexico, dumping rains as it moved north toward Texas at about 21 miles an hour. Photo: Scott Kelly/NASA/Getty Images

Hurricane researchers say the "explosive" growth of Hurricane Patricia was completely missed by sophisticated computer models. Rapid intensification is still stumping scientists, who says Patricia is an unprecedented storm. (Oct. 23)

Teams of police and civil protection officials on Friday alerted people along Puerto Vallarta's waterfront to evacuate. The move comes as Hurricane Patricia a "potentially catastrophic" Category 5 storm, headed toward the Mexican Pacific coast. (Oct. 23)

Hurricane Patricia barreled toward southwestern Mexico Friday as a monster Category 5 storm, homing in on a Pacific coastline dotted with sleepy fishing villages and gleaming resorts, including the popular beach city of Puerto Vallarta. (Oct. 23)

Hurricane Patricia barreled toward southwestern Mexico Friday as a monster Category 5 storm, the strongest ever in the Western Hemisphere. Residents and tourists were hunkering down or trying to make last-minute escapes. (Oct. 23)

Hurricane Patricia roared onshore in southwestern Mexico on Friday evening, bringing lashing rains, surging seas and cyclonic winds with what forecasters called a potential to cause "catastrophic" damage.

CHAMELA, Mexico (AP)  Just a day after menacing Mexico as one of history's strongest storms, Hurricane Patricia left surprisingly little damage in its wake Saturday and quickly dissipated into a low-pressure system that posed little threat beyond heavy rain.

The hurricane's most powerful punch landed on a sparsely populated stretch of Mexico's Pacific Coast before the system crashed into mountains that sapped its potentially catastrophic force. The popular beach city of Puerto Vallarta and the port of Manzanillo were spared the brunt of the violent weather.

Authorities were still checking on some isolated areas, where roads had been blocked by downed trees, but the devastation appeared to be far less than feared.

There were no reports of deaths or injuries, said Roberto Lopez Lara, interior secretary for the state of Jalisco. Later, President Enrique Pena Nieto reported that between 3,000 and 3,500 homes had been damaged and the storm also affected 3,500 hectares (about 8,650 acres) of farmland. He said 235,000 people had lost electricity when the storm hit, and about half had power restored by Saturday.

It was a remarkable outcome, considering that Patricia had once been a Category 5 hurricane with winds up to 200 mph (325 kph) before coming ashore with slightly less power in an area dotted with sleepy villages and a few upscale hotels.

As the storm spun inland, it collapsed into fast-moving bands of rain aimed at already sodden Texas.

View gallery Residents stand outside their flooded house in Zoatlan, Nayarit state, some 150 km northwest of Guad 

Residents of towns nearest the strike described enduring a terrifying night.

"Those were the longest five hours of my life," said Sergio Reyna Ruiz, who took cover between the shaking concrete walls of a neighbor's home when Patricia passed over the hamlet of La Fortuna, about 2 miles (3 kilometers) from the ocean. "Five hours riding the monster."

Before the storm hit, Reyna tried to secure the shingles of his roof with metal cables. But looking up from the inside Saturday, the ceiling was a patchwork of old tile and blue sky. He and family members next door tried to clean up, sawing through a downed tree and putting waterlogged mattresses and books into the sun to dry.

All were thankful that everyone survived: "It's something to tell the grandchildren," Reyna said.

Down the road in Chamela, people picked through boards, tree limbs and other refuse for anything salvageable. All 40 families that live there rode out the storm at a shelter in nearby San Mateo. When they returned, they found little that was recognizable.

Arturo Morfin Garcia wielded a machete trying to clear debris from around his home, which was reduced to a jumble of bricks and beams. The only part left standing was a concrete bathroom at one end.

"It wasn't hard to leave. It was hard to come back and find this," Morfin Garcia said. "So much work to build something. It makes me very sad, but what can we do with these natural phenomena?"

In Manzanillo, high winds and waves blew out windows and damaged some buildings. Trees and utility poles were toppled. An enraged sea battered the Hotel Barra de Navidad in a nearby town, scooping sand away from the foundations.

Puerto Vallarta, home to some 200,000 people, including thousands of U.S. residents and visitors, was largely unscathed. After the storm passed, people snapped selfies next to a seaside sculpture, and business owners swept sidewalks as they would on any morning. Puddles dotted the downtown district, but no more than a passing thunderstorm might leave.

Patricia plunged ashore about 65 miles (110 kilometers) southeast of Vallarta, which was protected from much of the fury by mountains.

"We were fortunate as to where it made landfall. It was not a densely populated area," said Dennis Feltgen, a meteorologist and spokesman for the U.S. National Hurricane Center. "You and I would be having a very different conversation if this went over the top of Puerto Vallarta."

He said the lack of fatalities was probably the result of the storm's narrow footprint. Category 5 winds extended 15 miles out on either side of the eye, and hurricane-force winds extended for 35 miles from the center of the storm.

On Saturday, Patricia's maximum sustained winds had dropped to 30 mph (45 kph), according to the hurricane center. The storm's remnants were expected to feed into existing rain hitting southern Texas.

"There's an area of low pressure that'll be forming along the Texas coast, and that will be about the time that moisture from Patricia will be arriving," Feltgen said. The wet weather was forecast to spread from Texas to the central Gulf coast by early next week.

By late afternoon, the hurricane's remains were about 45 miles (75 kilometers) southwest of the Mexican city of Monterrey, moving to the northeast at 22 mph (35 kph).

View gallery Map shows Hurricane Patriciaâs projected path; 2c x 3 inches; 96.3 mm x 76 mm;

That such a monster storm could inflict so little harm seemed wondrous. Patricia formed suddenly Tuesday and quickly strengthened to a hurricane. Within 30 hours it had zoomed to a record-beating Category 5 storm, catching many off guard with its rapid growth.

By Friday, it was the most powerful hurricane on record in the Western Hemisphere, with a central pressure of 880 millibars, according to the hurricane center.

Patricia's power while still out at sea was comparable to that of Typhoon Haiyan, which left more than 7,300 dead or missing in the Philippines two years ago, according to the U.N.'s World Meteorological Organization.

Hurricane experts praised Mexico's expertise at storm preparations and credited good fortune.

The mountains in the area quickly weakened the storm, and the coastal landscape did not offer the large area of shallow water necessary for a storm surge that could have become a devastating wall of water.

The storm was also moving fast enough at landfall  about 20 mph (35 kph)  that its heavy rains "did not stay in place long enough to generate the kinds of devastating floods we've seen in the past from Mexican hurricanes," said Jeff Masters, director of meteorology at Weather Underground.

Mexico's transport secretary, Gerardo Ruiz Esparza, put it another way: "Nature was good to us."

___

Associated Press writers Gerardo Carrillo in Perula and Mark Stevenson in Mexico City contributed to this report.While MIT attracts people from all over the world, I'm a fairly local guy: I was born a few towns north... read more »

My name is Chris Peterson. I work on a bunch of stuff in our office, including the blogs you're reading right now. Sometimes, I teach courses in CMS/W , from which I earned my grad rat in 2013.

21 years ago today a very special carton of milk was brought home from the supermarket to a dormitory at MIT. It has lived there ever since.

If you've never met the Milk, then you should read Vincent's biography of the Milk that he posted on these blogs two years ago:

Nineteen years ago, a fairly lactose-intolerant resident of Random Hall decided to make Macaroni and Cheese for dinner. Deciding that a little carton of milk couldnt possibly hurt, he made his way to Shaws, a grocery store, braving and somehow surviving the treacherous Boston weather. Being an MIT student, he bought the milk carton and made his way to his floorBonfireonly to realize a grievous error. He had forgotten to get any macaroni!

Ultimately, he decided that Mac and Cheese wouldn't help him complete his p-sets or levitate objects and he could probably do without them. The milk carton, despite its cream-filled protests, was chucked into a refrigerator, in which a stretch of time found it confined. The Bonfire Resident perhaps came across this carton a couple of times over the next few months, and probably figured, "Hmm, definitely not mine. Im lactose-intolerant."" Other residents probably came across this curious carton and figured, "Definitely didnt buy it. Would be so good on my plate of Cheerios right now, but I should probably just stick to my stuff."... Eventually, a few months later, someone took notice of Milk and stared at his expiration dateOctober 20, 1994. It had already expired, and belonged in the trashcan, but somehow, for some reason, Milk wasnt so gracelessly disposed. Perhaps the wealth of disciplined persistence hed built up over the months had come across to his finders in some way. Maybe MIT students just like to have fun and decided to see how long Milk could last. Either way, Milk was let to live, and is currently one of the oldest and proudest residents of Random Hall.

I once asked a former resident of Random Hall why the milk had never been thrown away. He grinned, sort of spread his arms wide, and asked, "Why throw something away when you can tell a story about it?"

Anyway, the Milk turns 21 today, which reminds me of another story: last year, around January 1st, we received a paper application in the mail. This was odd, because we don't have paper applications anymore; also, because the application was from a (then) twenty-year-old carton of milk that lived in a hermetically sealed jar in Random Hall and is occasionally, disgustingly burped.

Regrettably, we were unable to offer the Milk admission to MIT in the Class of 2019, despite its impressive achievements, lively culture, and solid performance in AP Cowculus. Unfortunately, its negligence w/r/t basic testing, not to mention the logistical curdles posed by its potential mootriculation, made us think that the Milk might be best served by continuing its current course of self-directed educowtion. Fortunately, the Milk remains a bubbly member of the Random Hall community, and, I suspect, won't be departing MIT anytime soon.

I have embedded the Milk's application (with permission) below; you can also download it.

edit: Yongquan from Random sent in this photo of the Milk celebrating its birthday with all of its friends last night.While MIT attracts people from all over the world, I'm a fairly local guy: I was born a few towns north... read more »

My name is Chris Peterson. I work on a bunch of stuff in our office, including the blogs you're reading right now. Sometimes, I teach courses in CMS/W , from which I earned my grad rat in 2013.

One of the most mindblowingly awesome people I've met in my six years at MIT is my friend Julie Legault. Julie is an artist, designer, and biohacker from Montreal. Before she came to MIT, she built wearable costumes for Rihanna and Imogen Heap, developed smart materials for Aston Martin, and taught at the Birmingham Institute of Art and Design.

In June, Julie finished her masters degree at the Media Lab in the Playful Systems group with a thesis titled "Amino: a domestic system for synthetic biology and continuous culturing." Here is the abstract from her thesis:

With the ability to transfer a trait from one creature to another purposefully, synthetic biology is advancing across unforeseen domains. From algae cells that convert carbon dioxide to fuel, biocementation bacteria to terraform mars, and lab-grown meat, synthetic biology offers new materials for designers, technologists, and artists to explore, and yet, public opinion lags behind these scientific advancements. Anytime science advances faster than our ability to apprehend it, it produces progress but also fear, suspicion and uncertainty. Amino -- an object that allows direct interaction with microorganisms to experiment with biology as material -- sets out not simply to educate but to also be part of the early culture that metabolizes the changes underway. Amino is a design driven mini-lab that allows users to carry out a bacterial transformation and enables the subsequent care and feeding of the cells that are grown. Inspired by Tamagotchis, the genetic transformation of an organism's DNA is performed by the user through guided interactions, resulting in their synthetic organism for which they can care like you would a pet. Amino is developed using low cost ways of carrying out lab-like procedures in the home and is packaged in a suitcase-sized continuous bioreactor for cells.

Basically, Julie, who AFAIK had no background in the sciences before coming to the Media Lab, taught herself enough synthetic biology to create a small, easy-to-use bioengineering kit that lets anyone create and take care of living cells. And now, with the help of the E14 Fund -- a Media Lab program that offers recent alumni a six-month-runway of funding and advising post-graduation -- she's founded a company, Amino Labs, to bring Amino to the general public.

Here's what Julie told me about Amino:

I've always wanted to make my own little world and I think bioengineering cells allows me to do just that - I get to create organisms with fun properties and take care of their little ecosystem by feeding, warming, balancing and playing with them. Thats one reason why I built Amino -- to make myself a biological tamagotchi.

[The Amino is] a counter-top sized biolab that enables anyone to grow living cells to create new and interesting things - like fragrances, flavours, materials, medicine, and more. Bioengineering is going to drive the next century in the same way electrical engineering shaped the last. It is important for everyone to the opportunity to experience the technology, hands on. Our goal is to make genetic engineering accessible to everyone and enable the next wave of personalized manufacturing using biology. To get you started, Amino ships with Amino Glow App - your own ready-to-engineer living nightlight.

You can learn more about Amino on the Amino: Desktop Bioengineering for Everyone IndieGogo page (which I've backed). As someone who keeps a special eye out for makers in our admissions process, and has a general love of hands-on learning projects, I am really excited to see Amino launch; I feel like it's a great synthesis of the overall strategy of learning-by-doing with MIT's historic strengths in biotechnology and entrepreneurship. Go Julie and all of your tiny organic tamagotchis!I come from a preppy suburb of Philadelphia, where I spent the first sixteen years of my life people-watching and dreaming about other places. I'm fond of travel, painting, yoga, self-help... read more »

I am the type of person who has a five-year plan, and I am currently trying to fit Iceland into mine.

This past Friday was the MIT career fair, a huge event where hundreds of companies send recuiters to set up booths at MIT. It fills up an ice rink, a track, and a basketball court; over 4000 students attend. It's preceded and followed by a lot of info-sessions, panels, networking events, and anxiety.

Last year, I went to the career fair with the primary intention of nabbing as many free t-shirts as possible (33, in case you were interested); I attended company talks primarily for the free meals. I spent my freshman year actively avoiding thoughts of Real Life. Jobs, internships, résumés: I was having none of it--my focus was on adjusting to the new environment and making friends rather than the career grind.

Over the summer, it dawned on me that I would actually be eligible for many internships this summer and that I should perhaps fix the formatting of my résumé and invest in some business-casual clothing. And so, before the summer had even ended, I was already preoccupied with plans for the next. I find it crazy that recruiting season is so early in the semester, but at this point Im just rolling with the punches and hoping the early start points to an early finish; Id really like to have more time to focus more on classes, community, and personal growth.

Im far from having it all figured out, but here are some steps that Ive taken this semester:

1) Applying to externships

The deadline this year was September 23, but this program runs every year. These are mini-internships, or "externships", held over IAP; each externship is hosted by an MIT alum. More information is on this page, but you essentially look through the listings and decide on three to apply to. If you're so inclined, you can attend an info-session to learn more or ask questions. You need a résumé, often a cover letter, and often an unofficial transcript.

2) Having my résumé critiqued

A lot of clubs hold critique events in September, as does GECD, MITs Global Education & Career Development office. GECD has generous drop-in hours in the weeks preceding the career fair, and my fifteen-minute meeting was helpful.

3) Attending company presentations

I have a vague sense of what different industries do and what types of majors lead to which industries, but when looking for an internship, its very important for me to have a sense of what employees everyday responsibilities are and what kinds of problems they're working on. At these presentations, you get the chance to hear directly from employees and to talk to them afterwards, which is really helpful when you're trying to narrow down potential options.

4) Career fair

This is the obvious one. Because it was my first time actually trying to sell myself, I had only a vague sense of whether I was doing it well, but I scoped out the list of companies beforehand and had a rough idea of what industries I was interested in. I did some background research, prepared questions, asked about internship openings, dropped a lot of résumés, and so on.

Career fair day is typically a student holiday, but MIT's start date was pushed back a week this year due to a late Labor Day; to compensate, we had classes on the day of the career fair this year, which led to a lot of running around campus and scrambling to turn in psets on time. So it was quite a hectic day.

But what if you don't want to apply for internships? What if you don't want to apply for internships right now? Completely understandable--it is, after all, reaching the point in the semester when everything else is suddenly picking up and becoming overwhelming.

Alternatively, what are you supposed to do if you're a freshman with little work experience? What if you blew off the career fair? How on earth did I manage to find something to do last summer that wasn't "lie on my couch and admire my collection of free American Apparel t-shirts"?

1) If your apprehension stems from self-doubt--still apply! You never know how things will turn out unless you try. Obviously, if you have none of the required qualifications, it might be worth working on building those skills so that you are a viable candidate in future years.

2) Go abroad with MIT. A lot of programs (SMURF, MISTI, MISTI GTL, IROP, to name a few) are wide-open for freshmen (and upperclassmen!) looking to gain some research/work/teaching experience and see other countries--immersing yourself in the culture of another country really broadens your worldview and gives you the opportunity to learn about other cultures, see beautiful places, and connect to people you never would've met otherwise.

Many of these programs have language requirements. But many dont. A lot of the due dates are rather early and can fly past; last year, I missed many of the deadlines, but I did still catch the one for IROP, which took me to Hong Kong for the summer. Also, I'm pretty sure that if you independently find a lab or company in a MISTI country, you can contact the MISTI staff about being part of the program.

As a freshman, the main issue youll run into will probably be finding professors to write your letters of recommendation, (though Ive been told that you can sometimes delay handing these in until youve spent a little more time at MIT). I dont think I did a very good job of building these connections during my freshman yearpartially due to large GIR lectures and partially because Im more of the sit-silently-and-get-good-grades type1but please don't be like me! I don't even want to be like me in this regardgo to office hours and talk to professors!

If you, like me, think office hours are primarily for clarifying pset problems and wonder how its even possible to impress your professor while asking a question they might find totally trivial2, MIT also funds student-faculty dinners (or at least they did last year). These can be a good way to learn more about your professor, his/her research, and his/her interests outside of what is taught in class.

3) If you can spare the time, find an interesting UROP during the semester. These can help you get a sense of what kind of work you are/arent interested inalthough some UROPs have prerequisites and requirements, many don't or are flexible! And the opportunities certainly reach beyond what is listed on the siteI found my first UROP by emailing around the Media Lab. Many students also find UROPs for the summer or stay on campus to continue working on their semester UROP over the summer.

Incidentally, if you apply before the deadline for direct funding, its also a nice way to earn a little extra spending money. Furthermore, it puts you in direct contact with a graduate student and possibly the professor who is the PI of the lab. I found that having a faculty member who had seen my work ethic in action was very helpful for letters of recommendation.

4) Some companies have programs for freshmen. Off the top of my head, I know that Google, Microsoft, and Facebook host such programs, but I bet there are more, and there might be companies outside of the tech/EECS realm3 that also offer such programs or hire freshmen.

5) Ask your advisor about programs within your major, or do some research online. For example: course 3 has an internship program. So does course 17 (including the MIT-Washington program, which is open to students of all courses). Look--there's a big list here!

6) There will be more career fairs later in the year. See this list.

7) Apply to MIT's programs for professional devleopment--I'm aware of F/ASIP and UPOP, professional development programs for freshmen and sophomores, respectively, but there must be more out there, which will probably be publicized via email.

8) Do something else. It can be completely off the grid. One of my good friends from MIT spent a good part of the summer hitchhiking up the west coast, and she's doing just fine. But really, it doesn't even have to be something that takes a lot of gumption or energy. Read, talk, bathe, lie in the sun, dance. Work on something--or don't. You will be fine.

Finally, if you have an idea for independent summer research or want to spend time abroad for something related to your education, MIT offers a lot of opportunities for students to receive funding. The Kelly-Douglas Fund is dedicated to helping students (only sophomore+, unfortunately, though freshmen with sophomore standing also qualify) travel over IAP or the summer in order to pursue HASS-related interests. The Peter J. Eloranta Undergraduate Research Fellowships fund novel research ideas. More funding opportunities are listed on this GECD webpage.

In summary:

Programs/opportunities

MIT-Washington

SMURF

MISTI

MISTI GTL

IROP

UROP (during year or summer)

Externship (during IAP, deadline has passed for this year)

GECD (not a program per se, but helpful for preparation)

Future career fairs

List of lots of internships, including departmental programs

F/ASIP

UPOP

Funding

Kelly-Douglas Fund (not open to freshmen, except those with sophomore standing in the spring semester)

Peter J. Eloranta Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowships

Other funding

As you can probably tell, the list could go on and on. It's also really useful to ask upperclassmen and classmates what they did and go from there, but so many of these MIT webpages are so underappreciated! This post is just a rough introduction to what's out there. Good luck!

1 This was in large part because I was confused about what I wanted to study. I thought Id be a computer science major and ended up taking a lot of CS classes my freshman spring, but I wasn't very excited about any of them. Eventually, I realized I was more interested in theoretical problem-solving and the humanities. This is another post for another time, but I wanted to explain that this year Im taking classes that I would be more inclined to think about casually; Im hopeful about the prospect of building more meaningful connections within my major this year.

2 Maybe this is because Im a math major and its hard to have casual conversations about material from math class the way that a bio major might, say, talk about a medical technique related to something he/she learned in bio class.

3 Possibly Bank of America and Jane Street, if I overheard correctly at the career fair.While MIT attracts people from all over the world, I'm a fairly local guy: I was born a few towns north... read more »

My name is Chris Peterson. I work on a bunch of stuff in our office, including the blogs you're reading right now. Sometimes, I teach courses in CMS/W , from which I earned my grad rat in 2013.

21 years ago today a very special carton of milk was brought home from the supermarket to a dormitory at MIT. It has lived there ever since.

If you've never met the Milk, then you should read Vincent's biography of the Milk that he posted on these blogs two years ago:

Nineteen years ago, a fairly lactose-intolerant resident of Random Hall decided to make Macaroni and Cheese for dinner. Deciding that a little carton of milk couldnt possibly hurt, he made his way to Shaws, a grocery store, braving and somehow surviving the treacherous Boston weather. Being an MIT student, he bought the milk carton and made his way to his floorBonfireonly to realize a grievous error. He had forgotten to get any macaroni!

Ultimately, he decided that Mac and Cheese wouldn't help him complete his p-sets or levitate objects and he could probably do without them. The milk carton, despite its cream-filled protests, was chucked into a refrigerator, in which a stretch of time found it confined. The Bonfire Resident perhaps came across this carton a couple of times over the next few months, and probably figured, "Hmm, definitely not mine. Im lactose-intolerant."" Other residents probably came across this curious carton and figured, "Definitely didnt buy it. Would be so good on my plate of Cheerios right now, but I should probably just stick to my stuff."... Eventually, a few months later, someone took notice of Milk and stared at his expiration dateOctober 20, 1994. It had already expired, and belonged in the trashcan, but somehow, for some reason, Milk wasnt so gracelessly disposed. Perhaps the wealth of disciplined persistence hed built up over the months had come across to his finders in some way. Maybe MIT students just like to have fun and decided to see how long Milk could last. Either way, Milk was let to live, and is currently one of the oldest and proudest residents of Random Hall.

I once asked a former resident of Random Hall why the milk had never been thrown away. He grinned, sort of spread his arms wide, and asked, "Why throw something away when you can tell a story about it?"

Anyway, the Milk turns 21 today, which reminds me of another story: last year, around January 1st, we received a paper application in the mail. This was odd, because we don't have paper applications anymore; also, because the application was from a (then) twenty-year-old carton of milk that lived in a hermetically sealed jar in Random Hall and is occasionally, disgustingly burped.

Regrettably, we were unable to offer the Milk admission to MIT in the Class of 2019, despite its impressive achievements, lively culture, and solid performance in AP Cowculus. Unfortunately, its negligence w/r/t basic testing, not to mention the logistical curdles posed by its potential mootriculation, made us think that the Milk might be best served by continuing its current course of self-directed educowtion. Fortunately, the Milk remains a bubbly member of the Random Hall community, and, I suspect, won't be departing MIT anytime soon.

I have embedded the Milk's application (with permission) below; you can also download it.

edit: Yongquan from Random sent in this photo of the Milk celebrating its birthday with all of its friends last night.I usually do my best writing at 2 am every other Tuesday. This good/bad habit has led me to produce some pretty rousing and popular pieces of work.



MIT science reporter John Fitch interviewing computer science professor Fernando J. Corbato at the MIT Computation Center in 1963.

Today, in my 15.565 Digital Evolution: Managing Web 3.0 class, we learned of the philosophy behind cloud computing. Cloud computing is the means by which data is stored, accessed, and shared across a network of servers on the Internet rather than on your personal computer. Think "Dropbox" and even "Google". We learned that this mode of computing is not all that different from a similar concept called computer timesharing back in the 60's, although that looked at solved a different computing problem. In the 1960's, computers only came in three sizes: large, really large, and giant. And the prices were super expensive. There were no "personal computers" and so in the workplace you would have to reserve a time slot to use the big office computer, bring all of your files down to it, do what you needed to do, then get off and let the next person on. MIT helped advance a solution in the 1960's called timesharing. Utilizing an IBM7090 High Speed General Purpose Digital Computer, different consoles in laboratories and people around New England were set up that allowed hundreds of people to share the same computer to do computations without leaving their seat, drastically boosting productivity and solving one of the largest computer bottleneck issues of the time.

MIT's Multics (Multiplexed Information and Computing Service) was their extremely influential early timesharing operating system. It started in 1964 and helped timesharing become the dominant mode of computing in the 1970's, before personal computers became popular. The last known running Multics installation shut down October 2000.

The location of Multics, along with the rest of the MIT Computation Center, was actually in Building 26, which is now home to MIT's most well-known lecture hall, 26-100. The construction of the building, as well as equipment and support staff, were funded in part by IBM,

How is timeshare computing similar to cloud computing? Think of your laptop. How many hours a day do you use it? What is your laptop doing all those hours you're not using it? It's asleep, what a waste of processing power. Cloud computing uses servers that stay on 24 hours a day. Multiple people can store their data on this server from far away and access it from anywhere. This let's people collaborate, share, and process data without needing to set up heavy infrastructure in their own homes. That's how Google serves it's hundreds of millions of users. That's how people can start their own websites without needed. And many agree it'll continue evolving as we push foward in the future of computing.

Insane stuff walking down the halls of Building 26, having been totally unaware of such important disoveries just a little over 50 years ago.My name is Chris Peterson. I work on a bunch of stuff in our office, including the blogs you're reading right now. Sometimes, I teach courses in CMS/W , from which I earned my grad rat in 2013.

The Bebras Computing Challenge (American homepage, international homepage) is an international challenge that introduces students to computational thinking. Founded in Lithuania in 2004, it has now spread to more than 30 countries and includes hundreds of thousands of student participants, including ~15k in the United States last year.

Bebras USA is led by Eljakim Schrijvers, the lead coach of the Dutch team at the International Olympiad in Informatics, and Rob Kolstad, the former lead coach of the American IOI team. I first heard about Bebras while hanging out with Rob earlier this summer, and learned more from Kim when I saw him at IOI.

One thing I like about Bebras USA is that it has really has taken root in the midwest and mountain states, which have not historically been as well-served by computer science enrichment programs as the coasts. I like Bebras' focus on accessibility, both in terms of geographic outreach but also its structure of different divisions, beginning from very rudimentary to very advanced. It also provides data to the schools where the challenge is proctored to help them identify aptitude, understand how students are developing, and see where their students can use additional assistance. Plus, Bebras' mascot is the beaver, just like (and for the same reasons as) ours.

Last week, Daphne from Bebras sent an email blast to the Computer Science Teachers Association, to help let teachers know about the challenge and how they can register their schools for the exam. I've reproduced the announcement below. If you're an American computer science or math teachers, you should consider signing up; if you're a student or a parent, you could forward this to your math or science teacher and suggest they consider signing up. If you're not an American any-of-these, you can find your country's organizational information here.

In 2014, almost a million participants across 34 countries participated in the Bebras Computing Challenge. It's a free quiz that requires no studying or preparation, and showcases the key computing concepts to participants. This year, it's available between 9 - 20 November and sports an entirely new set of fascinating challenges.You might be thinking: Disney movie? Romanov princess? Olympic athlete?So let me clear up my identity right now: Im Anastassia spelled with TWO ss (possibly a fortunate typo on the birth certificate?), making me uniquely myself. Nice to meet you!I was born on rural Russian soil, on my... read more »

My favorite room is a well-kept secret. I won't reveal the location, but you can easily deduce longitude, latitude, and altitude from the view:

It's good to be back to campus, now as a senior. Something feels different for meamong the usual buzz of activity, reconnection to friends, and eagerness for a fresh academic term is a permeating feeling of competence and belonging. This place is my jam. I'm writing from my favorite room right now, in a one hour break between classes: 20.320 (Analysis of Biomolecular and Cellular Systems) and 7.18 (Topics in Experimental Biology). I glance at my watch, which of course is on my computerit's Thursday, September 24, 1:06 pm. This is my current desk:



Tomorrow is Career Fair, and out of the 26 emails Ive received so far today, 20 have been directly about opportunities or specific career fair happenings. But Im not going this year. Tomorrow Im off for an annual weekend retreat for the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, where Ive done undergraduate research since spring of sophomore year. During retreat, the scientific community gathers to present research and connect, through faculty talks, poster presentations (here are examples for those who are unfamiliar), and informal conversations. Poster that reminds me of my to-do list, which is in my to-do notebook, which is currently sprawled open to reveal a typical sight.

18 hours remaining! must do:

REDESIGN AND PRINT POSTER (5 hours)

20.320 MATLAB question 3 (3 hours)

design and order DNA primers for 15 complementation constructs (2 hours)

complete MISTI-Japan summer report summarizing experience (3 hours)

write this blog post (1 hour)

send the important emails (.5 hours)

Japanese 5 homework/quiz (1.5 hours)

Of course, I need 1 hour for walking/eating/showering/getting ready, so if I complete all my tasks tonight that will bring me right up to 8am, ready to take my Friday schedule which begins with an 8:30 am meeting and ends with me falling asleep on the bus to retreat at noon. But even though it's an all nighter, I look forward to it, because all of my tasks are relatively straightforward and somewhat fun. I got a lot of sleep last night (12 hours (because the night before I got 2, averaging nicely)), so I'm refreshed and focused, and this room really helps me get away from the campus bustle, sit down, and zone in. Right below this room is a similar room, which I like better in a lot of ways, except it's missing a desk, which makes it much less functional. It's the only indoor garden, besides my laboratory greenhouse, that I know of on campus. When my mom visited for a few days last weekend, I took her here while I was furiously preparing a presentation. She watered and trimmed all of the inhabitants.

I only discovered this space last year, when Justin C. '16 was taking the 6.115 Microcontrollers lab on a lower floor of this building. There are many niches and architectural finds when you walk through each floor of each building in the campus*, which make the campus feel very different from the ground tours, and thoroughly my own.

*Bonus challenge: What percent of MIT's total floor space, as in basement to top floor of all bulidings, can you walk without doubling back and without going outside? Please model as an optimized directed graph.

____________________________

This post is the first in what I hope is a series of live one-hour slices from my MIT experience. My biggest weakness as a blogger is wanting to write about many large things but as I push them off they become less relevant or difficult to complete and que in infinite postponement. So to counter that I'll start with direct where-I-am/what-I'm-doing-now posts. Feel free to give me feedback! Alright, time for class :)In a nutshell or two: I'm a budding MechE, love building things, and like to pretend I can do a British accent. I'm a writer, a photographer, a Google ninja, a hipster in denial, a fierce advocate of the Oxford comma. And, of course, a... read more »

It's Career Fair season, and that means hundreds of companies are swooping down on campus with brightly-colored t-shirts, cheap plastic goodies, and oddly-formatted emails. I've been reading a lot of job descriptions lately, and I've noticed that recruiters regularly provide "success profiles" -- lists of traits and behaviors that are associated with job success.

These profiles are often full of buzzwordy corporate fluff. But when written well (i.e. when written by actual employees and not HR), a success profile can be a valuable framework when you start a job -- a compilation of past experience, something that reminds you of best practices.

This got me thinking: what would a success profile for an MIT student look like?

This is a challenging question to answer, because the variety of experiences and perspectives across MIT is staggering. That's the whole point of going here. There are 22+ majors, and if you do a quick back-of-the-envelope calculation my experience as a Course 2 is characteristic of less than 5% of the possible paths you could take.

But during the past three years at MIT I've taken a good number of team-based project classes, and learned a lot. I've worked closely with students from many different courses, and a handful from Harvard too. This year, I'm taking the biggest project class of them all: 2.009, the senior capstone mechanical engineering class.

So while I can't really provide a success profile for the Ideal MIT Student, I do have a good sense of what types of people tend to make great teams. These are the people I get super excited about to work with in 2.009 -- the people I know will be big value-adds to the team.

So here goes: my stab at a success profile, heavily informed by my experience in project classes, UPOP, and at companies. Whether you're a freshman or not, I hope this is useful.

Have informed imagination.

There are two parts to this: (1) being technically excellent and (2) having the creativity to come up with novel solutions.

The first part isn't too hard for most MIT students. Your standard class does a good job of instilling the basic concepts of fluid mechanics, molecular biology, or whatever else you're working on. I don't know if GPA is that strong of a correlation for this - I've worked with people who did well on tests but not so well at applying knowledge. Effective use of knowledge means quickly grasping which first principles are involved in a problem, and then diving deeper into the science of what you're working with in order to better inform your design.

The second part, creativity, is harder to define. It's not just blue sky thinking, though that certainly is part of it. Within the context of science/engineering, I think creativity on a daily basis is mostly about approaching problems flexibly. Don't bias yourself towards one solution too early on in the process. Be open to other people's ideas, even if you don't initially understand them. Consider the limitations of your perspective when approaching a problem.

Fight for excellence...

"Fighting" at first seems like an odd term, but I think it fits -- because getting something right is hard. It's not enough just to care about excellence. You need to care deeply about getting something right and also have the work ethic and stamina to actually get there. This often means putting yourself in uncomfortable situations - asking hard questions, challenging ideas and assumptions, and taking ownership of problems that no one else really wants to deal with.

...down to the details.

This is not the same thing as perfectionism. Perfectionism is often a negative thing - if you get bogged down in the details, you lose sight of what's actually right, of what actually matters for the project. Executing the details means owning and really understanding your part, while keeping in mind how your piece impacts the whole system. It also requires that you convey data and information about your work effectively to the people you're working with - this is as important as the work itself.

Form trust.

No team can function well without trust. During the course of a project you inevitably will have disagreements; you'll need to debate and challenge your teammates without damaging the relationship, and that requires trust. Trust starts with doing excellent work, but it extends beyond that. It requires communicating why you designed something the way you did. It means making sure people understand why something is important when you make a challenging request. It also means not being egocentric about your capabilities, and not expecting trust simply based on your resume. Frankly, building trust is one of the hardest parts of forming a team, especially if you're working with strangers -- but it is absolutely essential.That you vote most certainly does!

The following is a guest entry by Cody C. '14

When it comes to politics, there is one argument that I have heard almost exclusively from fellow members of the MIT community: The probability of my vote affecting the outcome of an election is so low that casting a vote is a waste of my time. But what if the value of voting lies not in who wins, but how they treat you once they do?



A little over a year ago, I visited my City Councilor during his weekly office hours. As an urban planning student, I had learned a bit about the process by which projects come to fruition, and how very political those processes are, so I thought it would be good to engage the system I was learning about.



My most significant memory from that meeting was how tremendously surprised I was at how natural the conversation felt. I told him about my growing interest in politics, and he told me about his decision to run for office less than two years previous; his desire to try to do some good for the city he had grown up in and around. He asked me about my time in school, and he told me about his efforts to get his friends out to vote for him, the first time voting for many of them. He asked me about living in Boston, and I shared my frustrations at my home and fraternity facing penalties for another student Id never met deciding to jump on (or as it turned out, through) a skylight. He sympathized, but noted that its difficult for public officials to know how to act toward a group that doesnt seem to want to have anything to do with the decision-making process.



As we departed, I expressed my sincere appreciation for his time, and I came away with a much better understanding that he was a real person, not the far-off, removed-from-me sort that I had come to understand politicians as. I asked him to come by my house some time for dinner and meet 30-or-so more of his constituents. He agreed and we made plans to arrange a time.



Less than a week later, Boston put a ban on social events in all MIT houses in the city.

The city had recently received a wave of bad press regarding student housing conditions, and the City of Boston had to be seen to be doing something. So when another MIT event saw another student fall through another window, they saw their opportunity. They could have gone after landlords providing unsafe housing to students, as they have promised to do repeatedly, but how much easier is it to crack down on students whose only recourse is to whine that their parties were taken away. And theres certainly no risk of losing votes that way.

In the time that has elapsed since then, I have spoken with numerous City Councillors, candidates, Massachusetts legislators, and even staff for our US congressman. I have discussed the huge untapped demographic of voters that exist here, with more than 50 colleges and universities in the greater Boston area, and the response has been roughly the same across the board: Its been tried, it doesnt work, students dont vote.

But Im writing this primarily because I believe that that can change, and that change has to start somewhere. Having spent my time in college at the worlds greatest academic institution, which happens to share a city with this countrys first and most well-known university, I cant help but feel that this is the place.

Next semester, on March 1st, 2016, students across this state will have the opportunity to voice their opinion on who should be the next President of the United States, and there are almost TWICE as many students around Boston alone as voted in the entire Massachusetts Democratic Primary in 2012. Eight months later, we will have the opportunity to help shape the entire legislature of the most student-dense state in the nation. But in less than one month, the MIT community gets to help shape the future of our small slice of this world and show students everywhere what might be possible if they just exercise their basic right, and encourage those around them to do so as well. And to be able to do that, all you have to do is register to vote. The deadline: This Wednesday.

Now, I have not told you who is running; you have nearly a month left to figure that out, as well as how you feel about them. But whoever is elected, it wont matter to them if you voted for or against them, and they wont know anyway. That election will be done, and the only purpose it will serve is to show them which votes they need to keep, which votes they need to earn, and which people they can disregard.



We all have experience with authority. Some times that authority is good for us, such as parents that protect us as children. Sometimes authority is unjust, and feels oppressive. Personally, I was privileged to have been surrounded by authorities that cared for me and did what they thought best for me regardless of how little I appreciated them at the time. Maybe you did too, maybe you didnt. But the authorities in our lives now dont have reason to care about you or who you are at all. At least not if you dont care who they are.

Click here for the Massachusetts Official Mail-In Voter Registration FormToday, my little sister and I learned about the solar system and blew bubbles that floated like planets around the sun. Tonight, I will consume giant mugs of tea, write fiction,... read more »

Read Read Read

Read Read Read

Write

Such is the life of a HASS major.

There are readings with short names, like Racisms, and readings with incomprehensible names, like Intersectionality and the Ethics of Transnational Surrogacy.

There are readings on the history of education methods and policies that make me both happy and sad. For every excellent teacher and idea, there is a way to fail.

There are readings that illuminate everyday subjects in an entirely new light. The question then is, Why didnt I think of it that way before? Sometimes its also, Did I ever need to?

This semester, I am taking two philosophy classes, though entirely by chance. Im certainly not a Philosophy (Course 24) major, but so far the experience has strained my brain in wonderfully new ways. Or old ones, considering that the readings activate primarily my math-proof neurons.

I had not previously encountered texts that I could not decipher. Now I may not fully comprehend a large portion of an assignment. Professors who interpret it later in class amaze me.

My favorite readings are those that resemble mathematical proofs or provide scientific evidence. The proofs employ the same mechanisms that mathematicians use. Except the proofs are about, say, the non-existence of races.

All kinds of logic methods can transform social ideas into precise concepts that can be discussed, disproven, or altered. Then to be discussed, disproven, or altered by another philosopher, who quotes his predecessors extensively, mostly to disagree. Many sentences begin with I will argue or I will examine. Quite different from math class, where we were taught not to use the personal pronoun I in proofs.

After hours of absorbing the style of featured authors, I begin to repeat their words or divide my experiences into distinct categories. Quoting articles about intersectionality does not make me the life of the party.

One other class Im taking is about Economics, a subject which Im clueless about beyond the popular narratives of public figures. The class is 17.309 Science, Technology, and Public Policy, arguably the most useful Political Science class offered at a tech school. Well have guest lectures by MIT speakers who have influenced the class topics in profound ways.

I enjoy my assignments, though their format is shocking after a year at MIT. Its odd not to pset here. Nor have weekly deadlines. Instead, every day, I have new readings on new subjects. Essay season replaces midterm season. Instead of a weekly/monthly spike in deadlines, I get a continuous flow of work.

The con of such a lifestyle at MIT is loneliness. I am the only humanities major on my floor, and the only sophomore in my department. I dont take classes alongside similarly involved people, and thus dont often get to challenge my thoughts and misconceptions. For most students, the humanities courses are secondary to their technical requirements.

I had to scour the course catalog multiple times to select my five classes. And I cant imagine what will happen to my schedule next year, when I will have exhausted all relevant choices. MIT doesnt offer many options for its purely HASS majors, and cross-registration is limited to 24 units (~ two classes).

I cant utter common phrases like, Im taking 3-4 technicals and a HASS. Im taking four HASSes and no technicals. I dont discuss my classes in terms of numbers, and have to instead pronounce lengthy names (try Science, Technology, and Public Policy). I dont get to turn in psets or participate in pset parties or do other pset-related activities.

But there are pros to being a HASS major at MIT as well (and there are quite surprisingly 19 different HASS majors!). I enjoy my work and can still engage in conversations with my friends about the topics covered, albeit informally. My HASSes are technical and engaging for the brain. Most of them are offered by several departments, and so I get a variety of perspectives.

I also get the resources of a small department. Poli Sci has 30-ish faculty members for 10-ish students. The picture of every undergrad goes on the departmental wall. All of us can fit into one room for weekly socials. We have 24/7 access to a tiny kitchen with a coffee machine and a fancy tea selection.

I have priority to get into the oversubscribed Course 17 (Political Science) offerings. I get surprised looks from people when I tell them my major. Admittedly, it does feel a bit special.

So theres that for now. The summary of three Course 17 weeks. I will write more about my classes and activities when those get settled.

For now, the MIT world is still awhirl with all kinds of fairs: for global opportunities, sophomore experiences, and careers. Student organizations hold open houses to lure new members with food and performances.

We are still only getting a taste of academics, though midterm/essay season is slowly creeping close. Tomorrow, I will submit my first essay draft (which I havent started in lieu of this post). The freshmen will have their first 8.01 exam, my ever-favorite midterm experience.

The leftover rollercoaster timber has been completely swept away from the East Campus courtyard by students eager to build new things. The careless waste of time from Orientation days is no longer possible. Once again laundry is becoming an ordeal.

Life is back on the MIT track.Brain still working? Good, I need to talk to it. Hi! Im Joel, from the frozen tundra of Duluth, Minnesota. Actually, Duluth is neither perpetually frozen nor technically tundra, but it sometimes feels like that, especially in winter, which is a season... read more »

This story ends with me losing my phone on a drone on a yacht on an island in an ocean, but its going to start with me at a desk in an office on campus on the mainland. It will get progressively exciting, I swear.

One day last summer, while I was working as a UROP in the Media Lab, debugging a server at my desk outside the office of the graduate student I was working with, a delivery man walked into our lab with a large package in tow. It turned out to be for my grad student (I say my, but in reality I am more his than he is mine), so I intercepted it for him.

When he opened the package later, it turned out to be two Amazon Echoes. Nothing that our lab does is really related to anything the Echo can do, and theyre fairly expensive, so I asked him why we got them:

Oh - they seemed cool, so I asked [our group director] to get a couple.

And thus I learned one of many lessons the Media Lab taught me this summer:

Lesson #1: The Media Lab has a lot of money

This manifests itself in many ways, from random tech purchases to the ping-pong table in the lab commons to the 8K (7680×4320!!!) display in the corner to the quality of the food is never in short supply. My group catered lunches to our group meetings every week that were higher quality than I (as a broke college student) would normally afford for dinner. I never missed a group meeting.

Another seemingly spontaneous addition to our labs gadget arsenal was a 3DRobotics IRIS+ Drone, which joined our family early last spring. On its first day here, our group director (lets call him Larry. He oversees my graduate student), having never flown a drone before, took it to the beach to test it out. Im not sure why Larry took the drone the beach, as opposed to some other large open clearing, but he did.

He turned the drone on.

He flew the drone up.

And up.

And over the water.

And a little more over the water.

And down.

And we never saw the poor drone again.

Then, having learned his lesson, he promptly ordered another 3DRobotics IRIS+ Drone from Amazon with 2-day shipping. Although the Tragedy Of The Drone illustrates Lesson #1 nicely, it also reveals a new lesson:

Lesson #2: People in the Media Lab like to have fun.

And now the story gets exciting. One of Larrys hobbies, aside from cutting edge technology research and drone flying, is yachting. Sailing yachting, to be specific.

Larry also owns a sailing yacht (although not purchased with Media Lab funds, thankfully), on which he will occasionally disappear for weeks on end. If Larry hasnt been seen around the lab for several days in a row, hes probably out sailing.

He is so insanely generous that, on the last day of summer, he invited my entire group (even lowly UROPs like myself!) to go sailing with him to Bakers Island, just outside Salem, MA.

I did not decline the offer.

The weather just happened to be beautiful.

This drone had no idea what happened to the one before him.

Remember Lesson #2.

After arriving at Baker's island, we anchored offshore and took a raft to the beach, military assault style. We hiked around, ate lunch on the beach, and discussed strategy for the upcoming years, as well as why there haven't been any outstanding baseball batters for a long time (you'd be surprised at how much mathematics was involved). Then, of course, it was time to fly to drone.

Unfortunately, half of the fun of flying a drone is looking at footage taken from the drone afterwards, and, while our IRIS+ was fully charged, the attached GoPro was unfortunately out of battery. Naturally, I decide to be the hero, and offer to tape my smartphone to the bottom of the drone, which seemed like a decent idea at the time (we're all engineers, right?). We got some tape, started my phone's video camera recording, and tried our best to secure it without blocking the camera. Then we handed the remote to Larry and braced ourselves It was at this point that I remembered that Larry has a 0-1 lifetime record with drones.

However, it was too late to back out, and, after a reassuring "How does this work again?", Larry turned the drone on.

He flew the drone up.

And up.

And over the lighthouse.

And past the lighthouse over the forest.

And down.

And the drone, with my phone still attached, disappeared into a large expanse of trees and shrubbery.

But I wasn't too perturbed: after all, I had the foresight to anticipate this scenario, and had previously turned on Android Device Manager, which would allow me to locate my phone's GPS position in case of loss or theft by drone. However, it slowly dawned on me that in order to use Android Device Manager, I'd have to log in to a someone else's phone. But because I have two-step authentication enabled on my Google account (extra security sounded good at the time!), I wouldn't be able to do that without retrieving a verification code that would be texted... to my phone.

Fortunately, Robert '18 was luckily observant (and intrepid) enough to find the drone on his own, lying fortuitously visible just to the side of one of the only trails on the island. My phone had even survived, and had been recording 20 minutes of peaceful cloudy sky while I was stressing out.

Here's the same story, but told from the drone's point of view.

Which leads us to the last and most important lesson I learned over the summer:Today, my little sister and I learned about the solar system and blew bubbles that floated like planets around the sun. Tonight, I will consume giant mugs of tea, write fiction,... read more »

Part I. REX Rollercoaster and Fort Construction

Every year during the freshman Residence Exploration (REX) period, East Campus residents and visitors construct a fully functioning wooden rollercoaster with an adjunct fort. To share this experience with you, Im including two 1-minute timelapse videos of construction and deconstruction, created by the awesome Banti G. 17.

Fort construction timelapse:

Rollercoaster and fort deconstruction timelapse:

Part II. The 3D Lounge Experience

For this part, I ask you to settle in a comfortable location, preferably on a couch or bean bag. Turn on "The Last Ship" by Sting (embedded below). Pretend the two photographs underneath are really in front of you. Munch on some (free) lukewarm fried plantains. For an added effect, hang Christmas lights around the room and dim the main lights.

(pictures courtesy of Banti G. 17 and Emma F. 15)

Ready?

Welcome to our lounge!

________________



Ask me what a typical MIT evening is like, and I will not be able to tell.

By evening I mean what most people call night, some morning. Our lounges awaken at the time Cinderella leaves the ball. Groggy or refreshed students pour in from building solar cars, ballroom dancing, psetting, and UROPing. Most are dressed casually, though there are outliers. Wear whatever you like here. Or wear nothing, if you choose a clothing optional hall.

Occasionally, the midnight lounge is quiet. Some stare at the wall, relaxing. Others click away on their keyboards or study circuit schemes. Non-pset activities range from cartoon viewing to wrestling.

We have pieces of art on the walls, ceiling, and trim. A mooing plastic cow. A Home Depot apron. A photograph of an unknown man in glasses. Paintings of bunnies and cities. Road signs from mysterious sources. An in-lounge made table. A web on the ceiling from which to hang stuff. And oscilloscopes. Lots and lots of oscilloscopes.

We also have an XXL Foof, on which many have slept. Its comfy enough, though its purity is more debatable. Last year, it took us five hours to wash the Foof cover. The gross Foof innards flooded the whole lounge.This was during a historic blizzard, so we had extra time. I doubt anyone will volunteer to repeat the procedure soon. Most likely, the crowds will one day revolt against the gargantuan pillow.

In the lounge, we may hold spontaneous debates on gender, guns, nuclear proliferation, and the military. These are the days we enhance our perspectives on the world. Pose a question, and it will be discussed. Though sometimes the debates may end in an unresolved shouting match. Not the angry kind.

Most of the time, there is music in the background. Something legitimate, like Arctic Monkeys, or funny, like Froggy Fresh. Someone may wheel out a dusty piano for an impromptu concert. On special occasions, the projector screen will come down for a karaoke party. Singing skills not required. Dancing on tables permitted.

At the start of the semester, lounge inhabitants are slow and relaxed. Classes are discussed mainly in terms of numbers and not content. The word pset doesnt come up much.

Then the population and mood of the lounge begin to change rapidly. Noise levels rise and fall. Hosed people come and go.

On busy weeks, lounge debates center primarily around class material. Theres still music in the background, but also the intense rustling of papers and the occasional sighs and grunts. Pset buddies exchange questions. Upperclassmen assist. Its not rare to see a freshman and a senior hard at work together.

On the whiteboard, new equations spring. An elaborate web of classes of hall members and friends is charted there as well. Lines connect matching selections. Most students have these connections, especially freshmen who take GIRs. The joined pairs and triplets study together.

During the day, the lounge looks lifeless. An occasional student passes by or preps for class, but otherwise the morning light seems to scare the fun away. We are creatures of the night.

But inevitably, the lounges will fill up later. With students talking, working, and learning with and from each other. Growing. Passing on their way to greater adventures. Here, I can trace my college history of joys, sorrows, and discoveries. The start of triumphant marches to turn in psets.

Leaving the lounge at bedtime is the hardest part of the night. When is a good time for it? I have yet to know. That project is still in its beta stage. If Im in bed before sunrise, I did well.

Now the sun is on the brink of rising. So I must hide in my bed for sleep. Then to open my eyes to the surprises of a new day. Of a new week, busy or free.

Good night